In which of the following scenarios should your wheels not be pointed straight ahead?
When waiting to make a left turn at a traffic light.
When parked on a hill or sloping driveway.
When parked on the side of a level roadway where there is no curb.
Question 1
When driving in fog, rain, or snow, use:
Low beams.
High beams.
Fog lights only.
Question 2
If a truck or bus is making a right turn where you also need to make a right turn, you should:
Quickly turn before the truck or bus is able to.
Wait until the truck or bus turns before you turn.
Squeeze between the truck or bus and the curb.
Question 4
You should increase the distance between your vehicle and the vehicle ahead when you:
Are following a small passenger vehicle.
Are being tailgated by another driver.
Are driving more slowly than the posted speed limit.
Question 5
When driving under snowy or icy conditions:
It is safe to use your cruise control.
Make speed and directional changes more gradually than you would otherwise.
Drive as you would under normal conditions.
Question 6
A broken yellow centerline means that:
Passing is not permitted.
Passing on the right is permitted when the way ahead is clear.
Passing on the left is permitted when the way ahead is clear.
Question 7
Which of these statements is true about changing lanes?
You only need to turn and look over your right shoulder for lane changes to the right or left.
Look over your right shoulder for a right lane change and your left shoulder for a left lane change.
Vehicles with two outside mirrors do not have blind spots.
Question 8
When being followed by a tailgater, which of the following will help you avoid being hit from behind?
Merging into another lane
Decreasing your following distance
Changing lanes frequently
Question 9
 If you approach a traffic light with a red signal and a police officer directs you to go through the intersection without stopping, you should:
Stop until the light turns green.
Go through the intersection without stopping.
Come to a complete stop before proceeding.
Question 10
 Which of the following factors affect an individual's absorption of alcohol?
Weight
Height
Intelligence
Question 11
 An orange and red triangular sign on a vehicle always means:
The vehicle has the right-of-way.
Slow-moving vehicle.
Shoulder work ahead.
Question 13
 Fatigue increases the risk of:
Missing an exit.
Being late for an appointment.
Falling asleep behind the wheel and crashing.
Question 14
 Which of the following blocks the smooth flow of traffic?
Slowing down to look at collision scene.
Avoiding unnecessary lane changes.
Using public transportation instead of your vehicle.
Question 16
 You want to make a right turn at an upcoming intersection. You should slow down and:
Move toward the left side of your lane.
Avoid driving in the bicycle lane.
Signal for 100 feet before turning.
Question 17
 When driving in work zones, you should:
Increase your speed to get through the zone as quickly as possible.
Reduce your speed and be prepared to stop suddenly.
Maintain your normal speed the whole way through the zone.
Question 18
 When backing up:
Look through the rear window.
Press hard on the gas pedal.
Rely only on your rearview mirror.
Question 19
 You are approaching an intersection at the posted speed limit when the signal turns yellow. You should:
Slow down and proceed through the intersection without caution.
Speed up to cross the intersection before the light turns red.
Stop before entering the intersection, if you can do so safely.
Question 20
 A person may legally ride in the back of a pickup truck when:
The sides of the pickup bed are at least 24 inches high.
The back of the pickup is covered with a camper shell.
In a secured seat and while using an approved safety belt.
Question 21
 Which of these statements is true about drugs and driving?
Any prescription drug is safe to use if you don't feel drowsy.
Even over-the-counter drugs can impair your driving.
Only illegal drugs can impair your driving.
Question 22
 When you are behind a motorcycle, you should:
Be ready to use your horn.
Drive more slowly.
Allow a larger following distance.
Question 23
 When driving at night on a dimly lit street, you should:
Drive slowly enough that you can stop within the area illuminated by your headlights.
Turn on your high beam headlights to better see the vehicles ahead of you.
Keep the instrument panel lights bright to be more visible to other drivers.
Question 24
 You are approaching a green traffic light and traffic is blocking the intersection. What is the best thing to do?
Partially enter the intersection to establish your right-of-way.
Don't enter the intersection until you can get completely across.
Continue into the intersection and wait for traffic to clear.
Question 26
 When being passed by another vehicle:
Brake hard.
Maintain a constant speed.
Speed up.
Question 27
 There are two traffic lanes moving in your direction. You are driving in the left lane and many vehicles are passing you on the right. If the driver behind you wishes to drive faster, you should:
Stay in your lane so you don't impede the flow of traffic.
Drive onto the left shoulder to let the other vehicles pass.
Move into the right lane when it is safe.
Question 28
 Yellow lines separate:
Traffic lanes on one-way streets.
Traffic moving in opposite directions on two-way roads.
All carpool lanes from regular traffic lanes.
Question 30
 From top to bottom, the following is the proper order for traffic lights:
Red, yellow, green.
Red, green, yellow.
Green, red, yellow.
Question 31
 The driver ahead of you stops at a crosswalk. What should you do?
Cautiously pass the vehicle at 10 mph or slower.
Stop, proceeding only when all the pedestrians have crossed.
Change lanes, look carefully, and pass the stopped vehicle.
Question 33
 If you are about to be hit from the rear, you should not:
Release your seat belt.
Brace yourself.
Press your head against the head restraint.
Question 34
 Drivers must use their seat belt:
Unless they are driving a vehicle built before 1978.
Unless they are driving a limousine.
And failure to do so will result in a traffic ticket.
Question 35
 If you park facing uphill on a street with a curb, set the parking brake and:
Turn the front wheels toward the curb.
Turn the front wheels away from the curb.
Leave the front wheels straight.
Question 36
Which child would require a child passenger restraint system?
A 9-year-old who is 4 feet 10 inches tall
A 10-year-old who is 5 feet 3 inches tall
A 7-year-old who is 4 feet 8 inches tall
Question 37
When you tailgate other drivers (drive closely to their rear bumper):
You can frustrate the other drivers and make them angry.
Your actions cannot result in a traffic citation.
You help reduce traffic congestion.
Question 38
If your cell phone rings while you are driving and you do not have a hands-free device, you should:
Answer the call because it may be an emergency.
Let the call go to voicemail.
Check the incoming number before answering the call.
Question 39
Should you always drive more slowly than other traffic?
No, you can block traffic when you drive too slowly.
Yes, it is a good defensive driving technique.
Yes, it is always safer than driving faster than other traffic.
Question 40
If you must park your vehicle in an area not usually used for parking:
Park with your reverse lights on.
Make sure your vehicle is visible to drivers approaching from any direction.
Park five feet from the curb.
Question 41
When a school bus is stopped on the road ahead to load or unload children, you must:
Come to a complete stop until all the children have left the bus.
Come to a complete stop until the red lights stop flashing and the stop arm is withdrawn.
Change lanes, drive slowly, and pass the bus cautiously.
Question 44
 You must notify the DMV within five days if you:
Sell or transfer your vehicle.
Fail a smog test.
Get a new prescription for lenses or contacts.
Question 46
 Unless otherwise posted, the speed limit in a residential area is:
20 mph.
25 mph.
30 mph.
Question 47
 Which of these statements is true about drinking alcohol and driving?
If you can walk in a straight line after drinking, it is safe to drive.
If you are under the legal blood alcohol concentration limit, your driving isn't impaired.
Alcohol affects judgement, which is needed to drive safely.
Question 48
 Vehicles stopped behind a school bus with its red lights flashing must remain stopped until:
All students are off the bus.
The stop arm is retracted.
The stop arm is retracted and the bus resumes motion.
Question 49
 You are driving in the far right lane of a four-lane freeway and notice thick broken white lines on the left side of your lane. You are driving in:
The carpool lane and must merge into the next lane.
A special lane for slow-moving vehicles.
An exit lane.
Question 50
 You see a flashing yellow traffic signal at an upcoming intersection. The flashing yellow light means:
Stop before entering the intersection, as long as you can do so safely.
Stop. Yield to all cross traffic before crossing the intersection.
Slow down and cross the intersection carefully.
Question 51
 If you drive more slowly than the flow of traffic, you will most likely:
Interfere with traffic and receive a ticket.
Improve traffic flow.
Demonstrate defensive driving techniques.
Question 52
 You may drive a motor vehicle in a bike lane:
If you drive more slowly than 15 mph.
No more than 200 feet before making a right turn.
Whenever bicyclists are not present.
Question 54
 Give the right-of-way to any pedestrian who is:
In a marked crosswalk.
In any crosswalk or intersection.
Crossing any street.
Question 55
 California's "Basic Speed Law" says you must:
Keep your speed close to that of other traffic.
Never drive faster than is safe for current conditions.
Always drive at the posted speed limit.
Question 56
 You should allow an extra cushion of space:
When following a station wagon.
When following a driver who cannot see the rear of their vehicle.
When following a small passenger car.
Question 57
 When driving on a multilane street with two-way traffic:
Drive alongside other vehicles so the drivers can see you.
You should drive ahead of or behind the other vehicles.
It is safest to drive in the lane next to the centerline.
Question 58
 U-turns in residential districts are legal:
On a one-way street on a green arrow.
When there are no vehicles approaching nearby.
Across sets of solid double yellow lines.
Question 60
 Which of these vehicles must always stop before crossing railroad tracks?
Tank trucks marked with hazardous materials placards.
Motor homes or pickup trucks towing a boat trailer.
Any vehicle with three or more axles and weighing more than 4,000 pounds.
Question 61
 You may cross a double yellow line to pass another vehicle if the yellow line next to:
The other side of the road is a solid line.
Your side of the road is a broken line.
The other side of the road is a broken line.
Question 62
 If you encounter an aggressive driver, you should:
Challenge them.
Get out of their way.
Speed up.
Question 63
 Water on the road can cause a vehicle to hydroplane. Your car may hydroplane at speeds as low as:
45 miles per hour.
35 miles per hour.
40 miles per hour.
Question 64
 If you are convicted of driving with an excessive blood alcohol concentration (BAC), you may be sentenced to serve:
Up to six months in jail.
Up to 12 months in jail.
No jail time, but you must pay a fine of $500.
Question 67
 You may not park your vehicle:
On the side of the freeway in an emergency.
Next to a red painted curb.
Within 100 feet of an elementary school.
Question 68
 If you have trouble seeing other vehicles because of dust or smoke blowing across the roadway, you should drive more slowly and turn on your:
Emergency flashers.
Parking lights.
Headlights.
Question 69
 While driving, you should look 10 to 15 seconds ahead of you:
And focus on the middle of the road.
Because it is a legal requirement.
To see potential hazards early.
Question 70
 To see vehicles in your blind spots, you should check:
The inside rearview mirror.
The outside rearview mirror.
Over your shoulders.
Question 72
Which of these statements is true about driving and taking medications?
Most cold medications can make a person drowsy.
Over-the-counter medications cannot impair driving ability if taken in the recommended dosages.
Medications are safe to take at any time, if prescribed by a doctor.
Question 73
As you approach an intersection with a flashing yellow light:
Stop before crossing the intersection.
Slow down and proceed with caution.
Wait for a green light before proceeding.
Question 74
You may pass a vehicle when:
You are on a hill or curve.
You are on a road with a solid line next to your lane.
You are on a road with a broken line next to your lane.
Question 75
When using a roundabout, drivers should:
Stop in the middle of the roundabout.
Yield to traffic already in the roundabout.
Yield to entering traffic.
Question 76
If your vehicle starts to lose traction because of water on the road, you should:
Drive at a constant speed to gain better traction.
Apply the brakes firmly to prevent your vehicle from sliding.
Slow down gradually and not apply the brakes.
Question 77
You want to park uphill on a two-way road and there is no curb. Which direction do you turn your front wheels?
Straight ahead
Right, toward the side of the road
Left, toward the center of the road
Question 79
What is the difference between traffic lights with red arrows and those with solid red lights?
Red arrows are only used to stop traffic which is turning.
Red arrows are only used for protected turn lanes.
You cannot turn on a red arrow, even if you stop first.
Question 80
When entering the interstate, check for a gap in traffic in the nearest lane, adjust your speed to match traffic, signal, and:
Expect traffic to allow you to proceed into the lane, since you have the right-of-way.
Merge carefully into the gap.
Wait for the lane to clear before merging.
Question 81
 It is illegal to park your vehicle:
In an unmarked crosswalk.
Within three feet of a private driveway.
In a bicycle lane.
Question 83
 Extra space in front of a large truck is needed for:
Other drivers to merge onto the freeway.
The truck driver to stop the vehicle.
Other drivers when they want to slow down.
Question 84
 On a multilane road, a dashed yellow line next to a solid yellow line means:
Passing is prohibited from both directions.
Passing is permitted from both directions.
Passing is permitted only from the direction next to the dashed line.
Question 85
 Tailgating other drivers (driving too closely to their rear bumper):
Can frustrate other drivers and make them angry.
Cannot result in a traffic citation.
Reduces collisions by preventing being "cut off."
Question 86
 If you are continually being passed on the right and the left while driving in the center lane of an expressway, you should:
Stay in the center lane.
Move to the lane on your right.
Move to the lane on your left.
Question 87
 Sudden wind gusts on highways:
Generally affect only the movement of large vehicles.
Only cause visibility problems.
Can cause problems for all vehicles.
Question 88
 When passing another vehicle, you should return to your original lane when:
You can see both headlights of the passed vehicle in your rearview mirror.
You have cleared the front bumper of the passed vehicle.
You are 50 feet in front of the passed vehicle.
Question 89
 What should you do at an intersection with a flashing yellow signal light?
Maintain your speed but watch for other vehicles.
Stop before crossing the intersection.
Slow down and cross the intersection carefully.
Question 90
 When parking your vehicle on any hill:
One of your rear wheels should touch the curb.
Use your parking brake and leave the vehicle in "park."
Your front wheels should be parallel to the road, if there is no curb.
Question 91
 It is more dangerous to drive at night than during the day because:
You cannot see as far ahead at night.
The road is always more slippery at night.
Your reaction time is slower at night.
Question 92
 At dawn or dusk and in rain or snow, it can be hard to see and be seen. A good way to let other drivers know you are there is to turn:
Up the instrumental panel lights.
On your parking lights.
On your headlights.
Question 93
 Large trucks turning onto a street with two lanes in each direction:
May complete the turn in either of the two lanes.
Often have to use the left lane to complete the turn.
Must stay in the right lane at all times while turning.
Question 94
 You should not start across an intersection if you know you will block the intersection when the light turns red:
Under any circumstances.
Unless you entered the intersection on a yellow light.
Unless you entered the intersection on a green light.
Question 95
 When turning left at an intersection:
You should always yield to oncoming traffic and pedestrians.
Oncoming traffic and pedestrians should yield to you.
You should never yield to oncoming traffic and pedestrians.
Question 96
 If you are being followed too closely on a two-lane road:
Reduce your speed slowly to encourage the tailgater to drive around you.
Speed up to increase the distance between you and the other car.
Apply your brakes to slow down, then resume your original speed.
Question 99
 A flashing yellow traffic signal at an intersection means:
You should treat the signal like a stop sign.
Stop. Yield to all cross traffic before crossing in the intersection.
Slow down and be alert at the upcoming intersection.
Question 100
 Which lane must you be in before making a left turn from a one-way street?
The lane nearest the left curb.
The lane nearest the center of the street.
The lane nearest the right curb.
Question 101
 Stopping distances and the severity of collisions:
Decrease as a vehicle's speed increases.
Are not affected by a vehicle's speed.
Increase as a vehicle's speed increases.
Question 102
 Blocking an intersection during "rush hour" traffic is not permitted:
Unless you entered the intersection on a green light.
Under any circumstances, even if your light is green.
Unless you have the right-of-way or a green light.
Question 103
 On a freeway, you should look farther ahead than you would on a city street:
In order to see potential hazards early.
Because it takes a quarter of a mile to stop your vehicle completely.
Because it helps you keep up with traffic.
Question 104
 At an uncontrolled intersection where you cannot see cross traffic until you are just about to enter the intersection, the speed limit is:
15 mph.
25 mph.
20 mph.
Question 105
 If you come to an intersection controlled by a flashing yellow light, you must:
Wait for the green light before proceeding.
Slow down and cross the intersection carefully.
Stop before crossing the intersection.
Question 106
 You are on the freeway and traffic is merging into your lane. You should:
Make room for the merging traffic, if possible.
Assert your right-of-way by driving faster.
Always maintain your position.
Question 107
 The speed limit in any alley is:
20 mph.
15 mph.
25 mph.
Question 108
Excessive speed:
Does not increase the chance of a crash.
Increases your ability to react to a hazard.
Often leads to high-risk decision-making.
Question 109
Alcohol is:
A stimulant.
An antihistamine.
A depressant.
Question 110
You can drive off the road to pass another vehicle:
If the vehicle ahead is turning left.
If there are two or more lanes traveling in your direction.
Under no circumstances.
Question 111
Using a cell phone while operating a motor vehicle is considered a distraction because:
It causes the driver to be concerned about the cost of the call.
It occupies the driver's hands, eyes, and mind.
It is an activity that draws the attention of other drivers.
Question 112
Before you change lanes, you should check your mirrors and:
Never look over your right shoulder.
Always slow down in your traffic lane.
Glance over your shoulder.
Question 113
Dim your headlights for oncoming vehicles or when you are within 300 feet of a vehicle:
That you are approaching from behind.
Approaching you from behind.
That you have already passed.
Question 114
You are driving on the freeway behind a large truck. You should drive:
Closer behind the truck than you would if following a passenger vehicle.
Farther behind the truck than you would if following a passenger vehicle.
To the right side of the truck and wait to pass.
Question 115
Increase your following distance when driving behind a large vehicle:
To better see around the sides of the vehicle.
Because other drivers tend to pull behind large vehicles before trying to pass them.
Because following too closely will get you caught in the vehicle's slipstream.
Question 116
 Smoking inside a vehicle with a person younger than 18 years of age is:
Legal, if it is your child.
Illegal at all times.
Not restricted by law.
Question 118
 A distraction when driving is:
Anything that causes evasive action while driving.
Anything that takes your attention away from driving.
Anything that causes you to pay more attention to driving.
Question 119
 You must notify the DMV within five days if you:
Are cited for a traffic violation.
Sell or transfer your vehicle.
Paint your vehicle a different color.
Question 120
 Adjust your rearview and side mirrors:
Before you start driving.
Whenever you need to use them.
Before you get into the car.
Question 121
 Night driving presents unique problems because:
The speed limit is increased at night.
There are fewer cars on the roads at night.
Distance and vehicle speed are difficult to judge in the dark.
Question 122
 Which of the following driving skills is/are affected by the use of alcohol and/or drugs?
Alertness.
Coordination.
Both of the above.
Question 123
 If you miss your exit on the freeway, you should not:
Continue on the freeway and find an alternate route to your destination.
Proceed to the next exit, leave the freeway, and return to your proper exit.
Back up on the road or shoulder.
Question 124
 A pedestrian starts to cross the street after the "Don't Walk" signal begins to flash. The pedestrian is in the middle of the street when your signal light changes to green. You should:
Proceed if you have the right-of-way.
Proceed if the pedestrian is not in your lane.
Wait until the pedestrian crosses the street before proceeding.
Question 125
 What is an important step in turning?
Check traffic in all directions.
Increase your speed.
Always move to the left lane.
Question 126
 When changing lanes on a freeway, you should:
Signal for at least five seconds.
Slow down before you start to change lanes.
Assume there is enough space in the next lane for your vehicle, if you signal first.
Question 127
 If a child is riding a bicycle near your vehicle:
Beep your horn.
Expect the child to be in total control of the bicycle.
Expect the unexpected.
Question 128
 If you are driving on a highway next to a single broken white line marking:
You cannot cross the line to pass.
You may cross the line to pass and change lanes.
You may only cross the line to change lanes if you are in the left lane.
Question 129
 Always carefully look for motorcycles before you change lanes because:
Their small size can make them hard to see.
They usually have the right-of-way at intersections.
It is illegal for motorcycles to share traffic lanes.
Question 130
 The safest precaution that you can take when using cellular phones while driving is:
To use hands-free devices so you can keep both hands on the steering wheel.
To keep your phone within easy reach so you won't need to take your eyes off the road.
To review the number before answering a call.
Question 131
 You are approaching an intersection where a traffic signal is displaying a steady yellow light. If you have not already entered the intersection, you should:
Speed up to beat the red light.
Reduce you speed and proceed carefully through the intersection.
Come to a safe stop.
Question 132
 If oncoming headlights are blinding you while you are driving at night, you should:
Look toward the right edge of the road.
Switch your lights to high beams.
Turn your lights on and off.
Question 133
 A pentagon-shaped sign is a:
Stop sign.
Regulatory sign.
School zone or school crossing sign.
Question 134
 A broken yellow line between two lanes of traffic means:
Both lanes of traffic are going in the same direction.
Passing is permitted when it's safe.
Passing is not permitted.
Question 135
 You are driving on the freeway. The vehicle in front of you is a large truck. You should drive:
Closely behind the truck in bad weather because the driver can see farther ahead than you can.
Farther behind the truck than you would when following a passenger vehicle.
No more than one car length behind the truck so the driver can see you.
Question 136
 When parking next to a curb, you should use your turn signals:
Only when pulling away from the curb.
When pulling next to, but not away from, the curb.
When pulling next to or away from the curb.
Question 137
 A blood alcohol concentration of 0.02 percent:
Won't have any effect on your driving.
Won't put other drivers at risk.
Will double your chances of having an accident.
Question 138
 When you want to change lanes, you should never:
Move into another lane while within an intersection.
Check your blind spot by looking over your shoulder.
Check for other drivers moving into the same lane.
Question 139
 It is very foggy. You should slow down and:
Turn on your emergency flashers.
Turn your lights to their high beam setting.
Turn your lights to their low beam setting.
Question 140
 After passing a vehicle, it is safe to return to your driving lane when:
The driver you passed signals for you to return to your lane.
You signal your intention for three seconds.
You see the headlights of the passed vehicle in your rearview mirror.
Question 141
 You have stopped for a train at a railroad crossing. After the train passes, you should:
Wait for signal lights to stop flashing.
Look for a second train.
Both of the above.
Question 142
 It is illegal to leave a child age ____ or younger alone in a vehicle.
Eight
Seven
Six
Question 143
 If you want to pass a bicyclists riding on the right edge of your lane:
You must honk your horn before passing the bicyclist.
You must not squeeze past the bicyclist.
You may not pass the bicyclist for any reason.
Question 144
At a red traffic light with a green arrow, you may proceed in the direction of the arrow if:
You first come to a complete stop.
You wait until the light changes.
You are in the proper lane and the roadway is clear.
Question 145
The amount of alcohol in the blood is referred to as:
Implied consent (IC).
Blood alcohol concentration (BAC).
Rate of alcohol consumption (RAC).
Question 146
With a Class C driver license, a person may drive:
A three-axle vehicle if the Gross Vehicle Weight is less than 6,000 pounds.
Any three-axle vehicle, regardless of the weight.
A vehicle pulling two trailers.
Question 147
Safely backing your vehicle requires all of the following, except:
Looking over your right shoulder as you back up.
Checking your vehicle's surroundings.
Tapping your horn before you back up.
Question 148
For which of the following traffic lights must you always stop your vehicle?
Solid red lights, flashing red lights, and blacked out traffic signals.
Solid red lights, red arrows, and flashing yellow lights.
Solid red lights, flashing red lights, and yellow lights.
Question 149
To turn left from a multilane one-way street onto a one-way street, you should start your turn from:
Any lane (as long as it is safe).
The lane closest to the left curb.
The lane in the center of the road.
Question 150
This yellow signs means:
The road ahead has many curves.
There is a sharp curve in the road ahead.
The road ahead may be slippery.
Question 151
You must yield to a pedestrian using a white cane or guide dog:
Only when the guide dog is leading the person across the street.
At all times.
Only if a crossing guard is present.
Question 153
 Roads are slippery after it first starts to rain. When the road is slippery, you should:
Avoid making turns and stops while driving at high speeds.
Test your tires' traction while going uphill.
Decrease the distance you look ahead of your vehicle.
Question 154
 Always use your seat belt:
Unless the vehicle was built before 1978.
Unless you are in a limousine.
When the vehicle is equipped with seat belts.
Question 156
 In rainy weather, you should be most careful when turning or stopping:
After it has been raining all day.
One half hour after it stops raining.
During the first half hour of rain.
Question 157
 Two sets of solid double yellow lines that are two or more feet apart:
May be crossed to enter or exit a private driveway.
May not be crossed for any reason.
Should be treated as a separate traffic lane.
Question 158
 If you come to an intersection and your view to the side is blocked, you should:
Slow down and look both ways.
Maintain your speed and look both ways.
Stop, then inch forward until you can see clearly in both directions.
Question 159
 To improve visibility lowered by rain or fog, drivers should use their:
Low beam headlights.
High beam headlights.
Parking lights.
Question 160
 When passing another vehicle, it is safe to return to your lane if you:
Cannot see the vehicle directly to your right.
See the vehicle’s headlights in your rearview mirror.
Have passed the other vehicle’s front bumper.
Question 162
 You are driving on a city street and see an emergency vehicle with flashing lights behind you. What should you do?
Drive to the right edge of the road and slow down.
Drive to the right edge of the road and stop.
Stay in your lane, slow down, and let it pass.
Question 163
 It is legal to drive with an alcoholic beverage container that has been opened only if the container is:
Under the front seat.
In the glove department.
In the trunk.
Question 164
 You should not use your horn:
When visibility ahead is limited.
If you might hit another vehicle.
Near blind pedestrians.
Question 165
 When driving in work zones, you should:
Follow the driver in front of you closely.
Pass the driver in front of you as soon as you can.
Avoid tailgating and keep a safe following distance.
Question 166
 Which of these statements is true about roadwork zones?
Fines are the same for violations committed in work zones as they are under normal traffic conditions.
You must "Slow for the Cone Zone."
Slow down only if you think workers are present.
Question 167
 When passing on the left of a vehicle, it is safe to move back into the right lane:
After about three seconds.
When you can no longer see the vehicle over your right shoulder.
When you can see the front of the vehicle in your rearview mirror.
Question 168
 Before switching on the ignition, you should:
Buckle your safety belt.
Be sure all passengers have buckled their safety belts.
Both of the above.
Question 169
 When driving in fog or mist, never put your headlights on the high beam setting because:
The light will reflect back into your eyes.
Approaching vehicles might not see you.
Vehicles behind you may follow too closely.
Question 170
 To turn left from a one-way street onto a one-way street, start from:
The lane closest to the left curb.
The center lane.
Any lane, as long as it seems safe to do so.
Question 171
 If you find yourself in a skid:
Brake lightly.
Stay off the brakes.
Brake abruptly.
Question 172
 If you see orange construction signs and cones on a freeway, you must:
Slow down because the lane ends ahead.
Be prepared for workers and equipment ahead.
Change lanes and maintain your current speed.
Question 173
 Which of the following roadways freeze first when wet?
Bridges and overpasses
Intersections
Tunnels
Question 174
 You should always travel:
At the speed of vehicles surrounding you.
At the speed limit.
At a speed appropriate for road and weather conditions.
Question 175
 When turning left from a two-way street onto a one-way street, you should:
Turn into any lane.
Turn into first lane.
Turn into second lane.
Question 177
 You exit the freeway on a ramp that curves downhill. You should:
Slow to a safe speed before the curve.
Slow to the posted speed limit for the freeway.
Wait until you have entered the curve to begin braking.
Question 178
 Which of the following is not a safe driving practice when driving on the interstate?
Slower traffic must keep to the right.
Change lanes without signaling.
If you miss your exit, you must go to the next exit.
Question 179
 Which of these is a safe driving technique?
Using your high beam lights in the fog.
Staring at the road ahead of your vehicle.
Checking your rearview mirrors frequently.
Question 180
When planning to pass another vehicle, you should:
Not count on other drivers to make room for you.
Assume the driver will let you pass if you use your turn signal.
Assume the driver will maintain a constant speed.
Question 181
You hit a parked vehicle and can't find the owner. What must you do?
Call your insurance company when you get home.
Wait for the owner to return.
Leave a note with your name and address on the parked vehicle.
Question 182
If you are driving and you see animals standing near the roadway:
Speed up to scare them away.
Slow down and proceed with caution.
Quickly swerve into the next lane.
Question 183
Which of the following statements about blind spots is true?
They are eliminated if you have one outside mirror on each side of the vehicle.
Large trucks have bigger blind spots than most passenger vehicles.
Blind spots can be checked by looking in your rearview mirrors.
Question 185
You should yield to a pedestrian:
Only if they are in a crosswalk.
At all times, even if the pedestrian is not obeying traffic laws.
Only if the traffic lights are in the pedestrian's favor.
Question 186
If you plan to pass another vehicle, you should:
Not assume the other driver will make space for you to return to your lane.
Assume the other driver will let you pass if you use your turn signal.
Assume the other driver will maintain a constant speed.
Question 187
What usually causes a locked wheel skid?
Braking too hard at a slow speed
Braking lightly at a slow speed
Braking too hard at a fast speed
Question 188
A broken yellow centerline indicates that:
Passing is not permitted.
Passing on the right is permitted when the way ahead is clear.
Passing on the left is permitted when the way ahead is clear.
Question 189
 When you are facing a green light and there are pedestrians in the intersection:
You must yield the right-of-way to pedestrians.
You have the right-of-way over pedestrians.
Pedestrians must wait for you to cross.
Question 191
 If you become drowsy while driving, you should:
Try to fight it.
Take a break.
Take some caffeine pills.
Question 192
 It is a very windy day. You are driving and a dust storm blows across the freeway, reducing your visibility. You should decrease your speed and turn on your:
Interior lights.
Parking lights.
Headlights.
Question 193
 Which of these statements is true about large trucks?
They take longer to stop than passenger vehicles.
They all have air brakes that allow them to stop quickly.
They are more maneuverable than passenger vehicles.
Question 194
 You want to park downhill on a two-way road and there is no curb. Which way do you turn your front wheels?
Straight ahead
Right, toward the side of the road
Left, toward the center of the road
Question 195
 When driving behind another vehicle at night, you should:
Keep your headlights on the low beam setting.
Use your high beam headlights until you are within 10 feet of the vehicle ahead.
Use your high beam headlights.
Question 196
 If you drive 55 mph in a 55 mph zone, you can be given a speeding ticket:
Under no circumstances because it is always legal.
If the road or weather conditions require a slower speed.
Only if you are approaching a sharp curve in the road.
Question 198
 When driving in fog, you should:
Use your high beam headlights.
Use your parking lights.
Use your low beam headlights.
Question 199
 You want to turn left at an upcoming corner. Yield the right-of-way to:
Oncoming vehicles also turning left.
All approaching vehicles.
Pedestrians on the sidewalk waiting for a "Walk" signal.
Question 200
 To help avoid skidding on slippery surfaces, you should:
Shift to a lower gear after starting down a steep hill.
Speed up to enter curves and slow down to exit them.
Slow down before entering curves and intersections.
Question 201
 California's Move Over law requires:
All vehicles to stay in the right lane at all times.
Trucks to use the left lane.
All vehicles to vacate the lane closest to an emergency vehicle that is stopped with its lights flashing.
Question 202
 When you drive through a construction zone, you should:
Stop to watch the workers.
Decrease your following distance.
Pass the construction zone carefully and not “rubberneck."
Question 203
 This symbol is used for:
Dangerous intersections.
Slow-moving vehicles.
Yield signs.
Question 204
 Which of the following is true about vehicles displaying a diamond-shaped sign that indicates a hazardous load?
They are not allowed to drive on freeways.
They must stop before crossing railroad tracks.
They are not allowed to exceed 35 mph.
Question 206
 Drivers turning left must yield to:
Oncoming vehicles traveling straight or turning right.
Passing cars.
No one in particular.
Question 207
 When parking uphill on a two-way street with no curb, your front wheels should be:
Turned to the left (toward the street).
Turned to the right (away from the street).
Parallel with the pavement.
Question 208
 You are required to stop your vehicle:
At any intersection where a police officer orders you to stop.
Where there is a red traffic light.
Both of the above.
Question 209
 When can you drive in a bike lane?
During rush hour traffic if there are no bicyclists in the bike lane.
When you are within 200 feet of a cross street where you plan to turn right.
When you want to pass a driver ahead of you who is turning right.
Question 210
 If a traffic signal light is not working, you must:
Stop, then proceed when safe.
Stop before entering the intersection and let all other traffic go first.
Slow down or stop, only if necessary.
Question 211
 U-turns in business districts are:
Always illegal because they are dangerous.
Legal whenever oncoming vehicles are not a hazard.
Legal at intersections, unless a sign prohibits them.
Question 212
 If your vehicle has a mechanical problem:
Signal and pull into the slow lane.
Stop in your lane and put on your hazard lights.
Put on your hazard lights and pull off the road.
Question 213
 You must show proof of insurance to law enforcement:
Only if you are involved in a collision.
If you are involved in a collision or stopped for a citation.
Only if you are stopped and cited.
Question 215
 A vehicle suddenly cuts in front of you, creating a hazard. What should you do first?
Honk and step on the brake firmly.
Take your foot off the gas pedal.
Swerve into the lane next to you.
Question 216
Fines in a construction zone are:
Doubled.
Tripled.
Cut in half.
Question 218
Hydroplaning occurs when tires ride on a thin film of water instead of on the surface of the road. To prevent hydroplaning in rainy weather, you should:
Put on your cruise control to maintain a constant speed.
Decrease your speed.
Move to the shoulder of the road as soon as it starts to rain.
Question 219
A flashing red traffic light at an intersection means:
Slow down before entering.
Stop before entering.
Stop and wait for the green light.
Question 220
On freezing, wet days, which of the following roadways is most likely to hide spots of ice?
Roadways near the tops of hills
Roadways on bridges and overpasses
Roadways paved with asphalt
Question 221
In inclement weather, you should:
Steer off the road.
Drive in a low gear.
Steer and brake smoothly.
Question 222
There is no crosswalk and you see a pedestrian crossing your lane ahead. You should:
Make eye contact with and then pass the pedestrian.
Slow down as you pass the pedestrian.
Stop and let the pedestrian finish crossing the street.
Question 223
When taking any medicine, you should:
Consult your doctor about the effects before driving.
Have someone follow you home.
Keep your window open and drive more slowly.
Question 224
To improve visibility lowered by rain or fog, drivers should use their:
Low beam headlights.
High beam headlights.
Parking lights.
Question 225
 When approaching a roundabout, you should always:
Increase your speed.
Decrease your speed.
Maintain your speed.
Question 228
 A broken yellow line beside a solid yellow line indicates that passing is:
Permitted from the side next to the solid yellow line.
Not permitted from either direction.
Permitted from the side next to the broken yellow line.
Question 229
 You want to make a right turn at the corner. A pedestrian with a guide dog is at the corner ready to cross the street in front of you. Before making your right turn, you should:
Turn off your engine until the person crosses the street.
Tell the pedestrian when to cross the street.
Wait until the person crosses the street.
Question 230
 To turn left from a one-way street with multiple lanes onto a two-way street, start the turn in:
The far left lane.
Any available lane.
The lane closest to the middle of the street.
Question 231
 You may drive off of the paved roadway to pass another vehicle:
If the shoulder is wide enough to accommodate your vehicle.
If the vehicle ahead of you is turning left.
Under no circumstances.
Question 233
 The speed limit at an uncontrolled railroad crossing is:
25 mph.
15 mph.
20 mph.
Question 234
 You are driving behind a motorcycle and want to pass. You must:
Stay in the right lane as much as possible because the motorcycle is small and doesn't use all of the lane.
Blow your horn to make the motorcycle move onto the shoulder so that you can pass.
Have your vehicle entirely in the left lane before and during the pass.
Question 235
 You want to pass a bicyclist in a narrow traffic lane when an oncoming vehicle is approaching. You should:
Honk your horn then pass the bicyclist.
Slow down and let the vehicle pass you before you pass the bicyclist.
Wait until the bicyclist rides off the roadway.
Question 236
 California's "Basic Speed Law" says:
You should never drive faster than posted speed limits.
You should never drive faster than is safe for current conditions.
The maximum speed limit in California is 70 mph on certain freeways.
Question 237
 If you pass a school bus that is stopped with its red lights flashing, you will:
Be fined up to $1,000.
Be fined up to $100.
Face no legal consequences.
Question 238
 If you are getting tired while driving, you should:
Stop and either get rest or change drivers.
Drink something with caffeine.
Open a window.
Question 240
 It is legal to make a left turn at a red traffic light after stopping only if:
You are traveling on a two-way street and turning onto a two-way street.
You are traveling on a one-way street and turning onto another one-way street.
You yield to all other traffic at the intersection.
Question 241
 You have allowed the wheels of your vehicle to run off the edge of the pavement. What should you do first?
Turn the front wheels slightly to the left to edge the car back onto the pavement.
Hold the steering wheel firmly, release the gas pedal, and gently apply the brakes.
Apply the brakes and turn the front wheels sharply to the left.
Question 242
 Which of the following increases your chances of being in a collision?
Looking over your shoulder while making lane changes
Continuously changing lanes to pass other vehicles
Adjusting your rearview mirror before you start driving
Question 244
 To avoid hydroplaning while driving in rainy conditions, you should:
Drive at a speed appropriate for ideal conditions.
Apply your brakes as soon as your car starts to skid.
Slow down.
Question 245
 If you come across livestock or other animals on the roadway, you should:
Swerve out of the way.
Slow down and stop.
Ignore them.
Question 246
 It is unlawful to:
Pass another vehicle in any marked no passing zone.
Pass another vehicle over a railroad crossing.
Both of the above.
Question 247
 While all of the following actions are dangerous to do while driving, which is also illegal?
Listening to music through a set of dual headphones.
Adjusting your outside mirrors.
Reading a road map.
Question 248
 Which of the following are factors commonly contributing to traffic crashes?
Exceeding the posted speed limit and driving too fast for conditions or circumstances.
Getting adequate rest and staying alert.
Scanning the environment and staying focused on the driving task.
Question 249
 If there is a deep puddle on the road ahead, you should:
Maintain the posted speed to make it through the water.
Avoid the puddle if possible.
Shift into neutral as you drive through the water.
Question 250
 When making a right turn from a highway with two lanes traveling in your direction, you may turn from:
The lane closest to the center of the road.
The lane nearest the curb or edge of the roadway.
Either lane, depending on oncoming traffic.
Question 252
Which of the following substances can affect the ability to drive?
Tranquilizers, marijuana, and sedatives.
Cough syrups and cold tablets containing codeine or antihistamines.
All of the above.
Question 255
When driving at night, you should:
Always use your high beams.
Look directly at the headlights of an oncoming vehicle.
Increase your following distance.
Question 257
Your driving lane is next to a bicycle lane. You want to make a right turn at the upcoming intersection. You:
May not enter the bicycle lane to make your turn.
Should only merge into the bicycle lane if you stop before turning.
Must merge into the bicycle lane before making your turn.
Question 258
Only ____ can lower blood alcohol concentration (BAC) and reduce alcohol's effects on a body.
Drinking caffeine
Eating foods high in fat
Time
Question 260
A police officer is signaling for you to continue driving through a red light. What should you do?
Do as the officer tells you.
Wait for the green light.
Stop first, then do what the officer tells you.
Question 261
 When driving in fog, it is best to drive with:
High beam headlights.
Low beam headlights.
Four-way flashers.
Question 262
 Backing your vehicle is:
Always dangerous.
Dangerous if you have a helper.
Only dangerous in large vehicles.
Question 263
 You are preparing to exit the interstate. When should you start reducing your speed?
About halfway through the deceleration lane.
As you approach the deceleration lane.
Immediately upon entering the deceleration lane.
Question 265
 It is illegal to leave a child age six or younger unattended in a vehicle on a hot day:
Even if they are secured in a child passenger restraint system.
If they are supervised by a person twelve years of age or older.
Only if the key is in the ignition.
Question 266
 All of the following are dangerous to do while driving. Which is also illegal?
Wearing a headset that covers both ears.
Having one or more interior lights on.
Using cruise control on residential streets.
Question 267
 Blue traffic signs offer information on:
Motorist services.
Construction and maintenance.
Mileage information, such as distances to specific locations.
Question 268
 At an intersection with stop signs on all corners, yield the right-of-way to any driver:
On your left.
Who arrived before you.
Across from your vehicle.
Question 269
 On a green arrow, you must:
Yield to any vehicle, bicycle, or pedestrian in the intersection.
Yield to pedestrians only in the intersection.
Wait four seconds before proceeding.
Question 270
 It is illegal for a person 21 years of age or older to drive with a blood alcohol concentration (BAC) that is ____ or higher.
0.08% -- Eight-hundredths of one percent
0.10% -- One-tenth of one percent
0.05% -- Five-hundredths of one percent
Question 271
 You consent to take a chemical test for the alcohol content of your blood, breath, or urine:
Only if you have been drinking alcohol.
Whenever you drive in California.
Only if you have a collision.
Question 272
 When should drivers yield the right-of-way to pedestrians in a crosswalk?
Only if the pedestrians first wave to the driver.
Only if the pedestrians are not texting while walking.
At all times.
Question 273
 You must look for bicyclists in the same lanes used by motor vehicles because they:
Must ride facing oncoming traffic.
Illegally share lanes with motor vehicles.
Are entitled to share the road with motor vehicles.
Question 274
 Slowing down just to look at collisions or anything else out-of-the-ordinary:
Causes traffic congestion.
Prevents rear-end collisions.
Improves traffic flow by preventing collisions.
Question 275
 A steady green traffic light at an intersection means:
Increase your speed.
Adjust your mirrors.
You may continue through the intersection at a safe and reasonable speed, if it is clear to do so.
Question 276
 A curb painted blue means parking is:
Allowed for no longer than 15 minutes.
Only allowed when picking up or dropping off passengers.
For disabled persons with a special placard or plate.
Question 277
 Which way do you turn your front wheels to park downhill next to a curb?
Into the curb
Away from the curb
Parallel to the curb
Question 278
 As your speed increases, it is important to:
Turn on your headlights.
Look well ahead of your vehicle.
Change lanes frequently.
Question 279
 A red arrow pointing to the right on a traffic light means you may:
Turn in that direction after slowing and checking for traffic.
Not turn in that direction until the light turns green.
Turn in that direction after you come to a complete stop.
Question 280
 Prior to entering a curve:
Activate your turn signal.
Reduce your speed.
Brake hard.
Question 281
 When changing lanes, you can check your blind spot by:
Using the inside rearview mirror.
Turning your head and looking over your shoulder.
Using your side mirror.
Question 285
 When driving in fog, you should use your:
Fog lights only.
High beams.
Low beams.
Question 286
 Having a driver license is a:
Requirement.
Privilege.
Right.
Question 287
When passing another vehicle:
Pass the vehicle as slowly as possible.
Drive at the same speed as the vehicle you are passing.
Pass the vehicle as safely and as quickly as possible.
Question 289
Which of the following statements about blind spots is true?
Blind spots are eliminated if you have one outside mirror.
Large trucks have bigger blind spots than most passenger vehicles.
Blind spots can be checked by looking in your rearview mirror.
Question 291
You should drive on the shoulder to pass a car:
If the vehicle ahead of you is turning left.
Under no circumstances.
If the shoulder is wide enough.
Question 293
To make a right turn at a corner, you:
May not enter the bicycle lane.
Should only merge into the bicycle lane if you stop before turning.
Must merge into the bicycle lane before turning.
Question 294
A solid yellow line next to a broken yellow line means that vehicles:
Driving in both directions may pass.
Next to the broken line may pass.
Next to the solid line may pass.
Question 295
When parking your vehicle parallel to the curb on a level street:
Your front wheels must be turned toward the street.
Your wheels must be within 18 inches of the curb.
One of your rear wheels must touch the curb.
Question 296
 When turning left at an intersection:
You should always yield to oncoming traffic and pedestrians.
Oncoming traffic and pedestrians should yield to you.
You should never yield to oncoming traffic and pedestrians.
Question 298
 Changing from one lane to another is best done:
Quickly and often.
When a car is in your blind spot.
Gradually and carefully.
Question 299
 To know where traffic is behind you:
Frequently check your rearview mirror.
Turn and look out your back window.
Keep other vehicles out of your blind spots.
Question 300
 When merging onto the freeway, you should be driving:
At or near the speed of the freeway traffic.
At the legal speed limit.
More slowly than the freeway traffic.
Question 301
 You must yield the right-of-way to an emergency vehicle that is using its siren and flashing lights by:
Driving as closely to the right edge of the road as possible and stopping.
Moving into the right lane and driving slowly until it has passed.
Stopping immediately, even if you are within an intersection.
Question 302
 To prevent tailgating, drivers should follow the:
One-second rule.
Two-second rule.
Three-second rule.
Question 303
 You should not make sudden stops in front of large trucks and buses because:
Small vehicle drivers cannot adequately see large trucks and buses in their rearview mirrors.
Large trucks and buses, due to their size and weight, require longer distances to stop than smaller passenger vehicles.
Large trucks and buses travel at a higher speeds than small vehicles.
Question 304
 You have been involved in a minor traffic collision with a parked vehicle and you can't find the owner. You must:
Leave a note on the vehicle.
Report the collision without delay to the city police or, in unincorporated areas, to the California Highway Patrol.
Both of the above.
Question 307
 If weather or light conditions require you to have your lights on while driving:
Use your parking lights.
Use your high beams.
Use your low beams.
Question 308
 Which of the following is true about roadways on bridges and overpasses in cold, wet weather?
They tend to freeze before the rest of the road does.
They do not freeze because they are made of concrete.
They tend to freeze after the rest of the road does.
Question 309
 When entering traffic after being parked at a curb, you:
Should drive more slowly than other traffic for 200 feet.
Should wait for a large enough gap to get up to the speed of traffic.
Should wait for the first two vehicles to pass, then drive into the lane.
Question 310
 Use your headlights on rainy, snowy, or foggy days:
To keep your engine warm.
So others can see your vehicle.
To warn others of bad weather conditions.
Question 311
 Check your rearview mirrors:
Often to see how traffic is moving behind you.
To see if a vehicle is in your blind spot.
Only when you are slowing down.
Question 312
 If you drive faster than other vehicles on a road with one lane moving in each direction and continually pass the other cars, you will:
Get you to your destination much more quickly and safely.
Increase your chances of an collision.
Help prevent traffic congestion.
Question 313
 You should signal continuously while turning because it:
Is illegal to turn off your signal before completing a turn.
Lets other drivers know what your intentions are.
Is always unsafe to turn off a signal before completing a turn.
Question 314
 You should turn on your headlights:
One half hour after sunset.
When stopped at a railroad crossing.
When parked at a school.
Question 315
 You are approaching an intersection with a steady yellow traffic light. If you have not already entered the intersection, you should:
Speed up to beat the red light.
Reduce you speed and proceed carefully through the intersection.
Come to a safe stop.
Question 316
 There is a vehicle stopped on the right shoulder of the road with its hazard lights on. You should:
Change lanes to the left and speed up.
Slow down and pass very carefully.
Stop your vehicle until you can see what has happened.
Question 317
 You just sold your vehicle. You must notify the DMV within ____ days.
Five
10
15
Question 319
 Before returning to your original lane after passing another vehicle, you should:
Beep your horn.
See both headlights of the passed vehicle in your rearview mirror.
Flash your headlights.
Question 320
 If you are driving near a large commercial vehicle, you should:
Follow the large vehicle closely to reduce wind drag on your vehicle.
Avoid driving beside it for long stretches of time.
Drive on its right side when on curves and hills.
Question 321
 If you are involved in a traffic collision, you are required to complete and submit a written report to the DMV:
Only if you or the other driver is injured.
If there is property damage in excess of $1,000 or if there are any injuries.
Only if you are at fault.
Question 322
 Always stop before crossing railroad tracks when:
There isn't room on the other side for you to completely cross the tracks.
The railroad crossing is located in a city or town that has frequent train traffic.
You are transporting two or more young children in a passenger vehicle.
Question 323
You should use your horn when:
Another vehicle is in your way.
It may help prevent a collision.
Another driver makes a mistake.
Question 325
Placard abuse will result in:
Placard revocation only.
Only a fine.
Placard revocation, a fine, and/or jail time.
Question 326
When driving at night, you should:
Always use your high beams.
Look directly at the headlights of an oncoming vehicle.
Increase your following distance.
Question 328
On rainy, snowy, or foggy days, turn on your windshield wipers and use your headlights:
On the high beam setting.
So other drivers can see you.
Only when driving on the freeway.
Question 329
If you approach a flashing red traffic light, you:
Are traveling in the wrong direction.
Must treat the intersection as if it is controlled by a stop sign.
May not proceed until it changes to green.
Question 330
Flash your brake lights or turn on your emergency flashers if you:
Need to warn other drivers of a collision ahead.
Are temporarily parked in a traffic lane to make delivery.
Are backing out of a parking space.
Question 331
If you are feeling fatigued while driving, you should:
Increase your speed to reach your destination more quickly.
Increase the volume of your radio.
Find a safe parking area to take a short nap.
Question 332
You are driving on a one-way street. You may only turn left onto another one-way street if:
You increase your speed before the turn.
Traffic on the street moves to the right.
Traffic on the street moves to the left.
Question 333
 When may you legally drive around or under a railroad crossing gate?
Never.
When you can see clearly in both directions.
When the warning lights are not flashing.
Question 334
 A U-turn is not permitted:
In a parking lot.
On or near any curve or hill.
On a straight roadway with a clear view for 500 feet in both directions.
Question 335
 A diamond-shaped sign means:
Yield.
Stop.
Warning.
Question 336
 There are oncoming vehicles to your left and a row of parked vehicles to your right. You should steer:
Closer to the oncoming vehicles than the parked vehicles.
Closer to the parked vehicles than the oncoming vehicles.
A middle course between the oncoming and parked vehicles.
Question 337
 At a railroad crossing, you must:
Watch for vehicles that must stop at all railroad crossings (school buses, trucks carrying hazardous materials, etc.).
Watch for multiple trains.
Both of the above.
Question 338
 Alcohol in any concentration is:
A stimulant.
A depressant.
Neither of the above.
Question 339
 At intersections, crosswalks, and railroad crossings, you should always:
Stop, listen, and proceed cautiously.
Look to the sides of your vehicle to see what is coming.
Slowly pass vehicles that seem to be stopped for no reason.
Question 340
 If your vehicle has a two-part safety belt system, you should:
Use only the lap belt.
Use both the lap and shoulder belts.
Use only the shoulder belt.
Question 341
 You may cross double yellow lines to pass another vehicle if the:
Vehicle in front of you moves to the right to let you pass.
Yellow line next to your side of the road is broken.
Yellow line next to the opposite side of the road is broken.
Question 343
 If pedestrians are illegally crossing in the middle of the street instead of in a crosswalk, you:
Must stop for them.
Do not have to stop for them.
Should honk your horn at them.
Question 344
 You reach an intersection with stop signs on all four corners at the same time as the driver on your left. Who has the right-of-way?
The driver on your left has the right-of-way.
You have the right-of-way.
Whoever is signaling to make a turn has the right-of-way.
Question 345
 You must stop at the intersection ahead. Just before the intersection, you have to cross railroad tracks. You should stop before crossing the railroad tracks when:
There isn't room on the other side for you to completely cross the tracks.
The crossing is located in a city or town with frequent train traffic.
You are transporting two or more children in a passenger vehicle.
Question 346
 You drive defensively when you:
Put one car length between you and the car ahead.
Look only at the car in front of you while driving.
Keep your eyes moving to look for possible hazards.
Question 347
 You must file a report of a traffic accident occurring in California when:
Your vehicle fails a smog test.
You are involved in a collision and there is an injury.
You change your insurance company.
Question 348
 When can you drive in a bike lane?
30 minutes after sunset or 30 minutes before sunrise
On foggy days when visibility is low
200 feet before making a turn
Question 349
 Which of these vehicles must always stop before crossing railroad tracks?
Tank trucks with hazardous materials placards.
Motor homes or pickup trucks towing a boat trailer.
Sport utility vehicles carrying four or more persons.
Question 350
 When driving on a slippery surface, such as snow or ice:
Shift to a low gear before going down steep hills.
Maintain traction by following other vehicles closely.
Pump your brakes to keep them from freezing.
Question 351
 You are crossing an intersection and an emergency vehicle is approaching while using its siren and flashing lights. You should:
Stop immediately in the intersection until it passes.
Pull to the right of the intersection and stop.
Continue through the intersection, pull to the right, and stop.
Question 352
 A large truck is ahead of you and is turning right onto a street with two lanes in each direction. The truck:
May complete its turn in either of the two lanes.
May have to swing wide to complete the right turn.
Must stay in the right lane at all times while turning.
Question 353
 If a road is slippery, maintain a following distance that is:
No different than normal.
Farther from the car ahead than normal.
Closer to the car ahead than normal.
Question 354
 If you have an argument with another person and you are angry, you should:
Loudly play the radio while driving so you won’t think about your argument.
Take a few minutes to cool off before driving.
Drive on the interstate to let off steam.
Question 356
 You can help keep the driver behind you a safe distance away from your vehicle by:
Driving 10 mph faster than the car behind you.
Driving 10 mph slower than the car behind you.
Maintaining a steady speed.
Question 357
 A peace officer is signaling for you to drive to the edge of the roadway. You decide to ignore the officer's warning and flee the scene. You are guilty of a misdemeanor and can be punished by being:
Fined up to $1,000.
Jailed in the county jail for not more than one year.
Given a warning and a citation.
Question 358
 Animals may be transported in the back of a pickup truck only if:
The sides of the truck bed are at least 18 inches high.
They are properly secured.
The tailgate of the truck is closed.
Question 359
 What is the benefit of a space cushion around your vehicle?
Other drivers can cut in front of you, improving the flow of traffic.
If another driver makes a mistake, you have time to react.
It inflates to protect you from injury in the case of a collision.
Question 360
A broken yellow line beside a solid yellow line indicates that:
Passing is permitted from the lane next to the solid yellow line.
Passing is not permitted from either direction.
Passing is permitted from the lane next to the broken yellow line.
Question 361
You were parked and have been waiting a long time with your turn signal on to re-enter traffic. However, traffic is heavy. You should:
Continue waiting and yielding to traffic in the lane.
Slowly inch your vehicle into the traffic lane.
Drive on the shoulder until a gap in traffic appears.
Question 362
You must obey instructions from school crossing guards:
At all times.
Only during school hours.
Unless you do not see any children present.
Question 364
Roadways are the most slippery:
During a heavy downpour.
After it has been raining for awhile.
During the first rain after a dry spell.
Question 365
You see a signal person at a road construction site ahead. You should obey his or her instructions:
Only if you see orange cones on the road ahead.
Unless they conflict with existing signs, signals, or laws.
At all times.
Question 366
If there is no crosswalk and you see a pedestrian crossing your lane, you should:
Make sure the pedestrian can see you before proceeding.
Cautiously drive around the pedestrian.
Stop and let the pedestrian finish crossing.
Question 367
While driving at night, a vehicle coming toward you has its high beams on, making it hard for you to see the road ahead. You should:
Look ahead toward the left edge of your lane.
Look ahead toward the right edge of your lane.
Look straight ahead in your lane.
Question 368
When preparing to make a left turn from a two-way street, you should drive:
Near the right-hand side of the road.
Near the centerline.
On the left of the centerline.
Question 369
 What is a potential effect of taking a prescription drug while drinking alcohol?
There will likely be no effect.
It will make you more alert.
It can make you unfit to drive.
Question 370
 All of the following practices are dangerous to do while driving. Which of these is also illegal?
Listening to music through headphones that cover both ears.
Adjusting your outside mirrors.
Transporting an unrestrained animal inside the vehicle.
Question 371
 You are approaching a railroad crossing with no warning devices and are unable to see 400 feet down the tracks in one direction. The speed limit is:
15 mph.
20 mph.
25 mph.
Question 372
 Highway pavement will be particularly treacherous and most slippery:
If it has been raining several hours.
If it has just begun to rain.
If it has been raining for one to two hours.
Question 373
 Drivers turning left must yield to:
Overtaking cars.
Oncoming cars.
No one.
Question 374
 When you are merging onto the freeway, you should be driving:
At or near the speed of traffic on the freeway.
Five to 10 mph slower than the speed of traffic on the freeway.
The posted speed limit for freeway traffic.
Question 375
 It is against the law to enter an intersection when:
You can't get all the way across before the light turns red.
The light is flashing yellow and you didn't stop first.
The light is yellow and you cannot stop safely.
Question 376
 If you are about to be hit from the rear, you should consider each of the following, except for:
Applying your brakes.
Letting go of the steering wheel.
Pressing your head firmly against the head restraint.
Question 377
 A white painted curb indicates a:
Loading zone for freight or passengers.
Loading zone for passengers or mail only.
Loading zone for freight only.
Question 378
 If you are involved in a traffic accident in California, you must file a report of the accident with the DMV when:
The collision causes $1,000 in damage.
You plan on being out of the state for more than 30 days.
You refinance the remaining balance of your vehicle loan.
Question 379
 You are driving on a freeway with a posted speed limit of 65 mph. Traffic is heavy and moving at 35 mph. The best speed for your vehicle is most likely:
25 mph.
35 mph.
30 mph.
Question 380
 If you want to pass a pedestrian who is walking along the roadway and an oncoming vehicle is approaching, you should:
Slow down and let the oncoming vehicle pass before you pass the pedestrian.
Keep driving at a steady speed. The oncoming vehicle must stop for you.
Honk your horn to get the pedestrian to move over.
Question 381
 Temporary signs used in construction and maintenance work areas:
Have a red background with green writing.
Have an orange background with black writing.
Have a yellow background with blue writing.
Question 382
 You are about to make a left turn. You must signal continuously during the last ____ feet before the turn.
50
75
100
Question 384
 If your car becomes disabled while on the highway, you should:
Stop in the right lane.
Park with all four wheels off the traveled highway, if possible.
Stop where you are.
Question 385
 When double solid yellow lines separate lanes of traffic:
Passing is permitted from the left.
Passing is permitted from the right.
Passing is not permitted from either direction.
Question 386
 Driving under the influence of any medication which impairs your driving is permitted:
Under no circumstances.
If you don't feel drowsy.
If it is prescribed by a physician.
Question 387
 Drivers are required to obey instructions from:
Security guards patrolling parking lots.
Other drivers whose vehicles are broken down on the roadway.
Flaggers (signal persons) at construction sites.
Question 388
 Collisions are more likely to happen when:
All vehicles are traveling at about the same speed.
One lane of traffic is traveling faster than the other lanes.
One vehicle is traveling faster or slower than the flow of traffic.
Question 389
 A school bus is stopped ahead of you in your lane with its red lights flashing. You should:
Stop and proceed when you think all of the children have exited the bus.
Slow to 25 mph and pass cautiously.
Stop for as long as the red lights are flashing.
Question 390
 If you have a green light but traffic is blocking the intersection, you should:
Stay out of the intersection until traffic clears.
Enter the intersection and wait until traffic clears.
Merge into another lane and try to go around the traffic.
Question 391
 If you are being passed in a no passing zone, you should:
Pull off the road.
Maintain your speed and position.
Slow down and let the other driver safely return to the drive lane.
Question 392
 You may make a left turn on a red light only from a:
One-way street onto a two-way street.
One-way street onto a one-way street.
Two-way street onto a one-way street.
Question 395
 You enter a designated turn lane to make a left turn at an upcoming intersection. There is oncoming traffic. You should:
Move to the left of the center lane.
Signal before you arrive at the intersection.
Turn your front wheels to the left to be prepared to turn.
Question 396
You are driving on a freeway with a posted speed limit of 65 mph. Traffic is traveling at 70 mph. You may legally drive:
70 mph or faster to keep up with the speed of traffic.
Between 65 mph and 70 mph.
No faster than 65 mph.
Question 397
When driving in fog, it is best to drive with:
High beam headlights.
Low beam headlights.
Four-way flashers.
Question 398
If your wheels drop off the roadway or pavement edge, you should:
Wait until it is safe to do so, then gradually re-enter the roadway.
Turn back onto the roadway immediately.
Stop.
Question 399
As you enter into a roundabout, you should slow down and:
Yield to any crossing pedestrians and bicyclists.
Yield to any car already within the roundabout.
Both of the above.
Question 400
Streets and highways are most slippery:
When it has been raining hard for several hours.
When they are clean and dry.
Just after it starts to rain.
Question 401
If you hit an animal with your vehicle while driving on a California highway, you should:
Move the injured animal off the road.
Call the humane society.
Continue driving.
Question 402
Pedestrians crossing at corners have the right-of-way:
Only at controlled intersections.
Only when a crosswalk is painted on the street.
Whether or not a crosswalk is marked.
Question 403
You are involved in a minor collision at an intersection. There are no injuries and there is very little vehicle damage. You should:
Leave your vehicle in the traffic lane until law enforcement arrives.
Move your vehicle out of the traffic lane, if possible.
Not move your vehicle for any reason.
Question 405
 When crossing a sidewalk to enter traffic from an alley or driveway, drivers should:
Stop only if pedestrians are on the sidewalk.
Stop before driving onto the sidewalk or sidewalk area.
Expect pedestrians on the sidewalk to yield the right-of-way.
Question 406
 If your car begins to skid out of control, you should:
Pump the brakes.
Apply the brakes lightly.
Stay off the brakes.
Question 407
 If you are riding in a vehicle equipped with a lap belt and a separate shoulder belt, you are:
Only required to use the lap belt.
Required to use both the lap and shoulder belts.
Only required to use the shoulder belt.
Question 408
 When passing, you should move back into the right lane when:
You are one vehicle length ahead of the passed vehicle.
You can see both headlights of the passed vehicle in your rearview mirror.
You are 50 feet ahead of the passed vehicle.
Question 409
 Double solid yellow lane markings mean that:
Neither lane may pass.
Both lanes may pass.
The lane to the right may pass.
Question 410
 If the driver of an oncoming vehicle fails to dim their headlights:
Look toward the center of the roadway.
Look toward the right side of the road.
Look straight ahead.
Question 411
 When driving under low-visibility conditions due to fog, you should:
Turn on your high beam headlights.
Slow down and use your low beam headlights.
Increase your speed so you do not cause an accident.
Question 413
 When should you yield your legal right-of-way?
Often, even at controlled intersections.
Whenever it helps prevent collisions.
Never. It confuses other drivers.
Question 415
 A safety zone is a specially marked area for passengers to get on or off of buses or trolleys. You may not drive through a safety zone:
When a bus or trolley is present.
When a bus or trolley is unloading passengers.
At any time for any reason.
Question 416
 Allow extra space in front of your vehicle when following a:
Station wagon.
Passenger vehicle.
Motorcycle.
Question 417
 Various traffic control devices in construction and maintenance work areas are the color:
Red.
Orange.
Yellow.
Question 418
 The speed limit on a school zone where children are present is ____, unless otherwise posted.
15 mph
25 mph
20 mph
Question 419
 At a crosswalk:
You must yield to pedestrians.
Pedestrians must yield to you.
Construction workers must yield to you.
Question 420
 Make room for cars that are entering the freeway by:
Slowing down.
Merging into a different lane.
Maintaining your speed and position.
Question 421
 A curb painted red means:
Loading zone.
The area is reserved for picking up or dropping off passengers.
No parking, standing, or stopping.
Question 422
 The best thing to do if you become tired while driving is to:
Stop to rest or change drivers.
Drink coffee.
Open a window.
Question 423
 When is it legal for minors to use a cell phone without a hands-free device while driving?
When making a call while stopped at the red light
When making a call for emergency assistance
Never
Question 424
 Abandoning an animal on the highway may result in:
Jail time.
A point against your license.
No legal consequences.
Question 425
 If a traffic signal light is green and a police officer signals for you to stop, you should:
Obey the officer.
Obey the traffic signal.
Do what the vehicle in front of you does.
Question 426
 Three of the most important times to check for traffic behind you are before:
Backing, making a sharp turn, or crossing an intersection.
Backing, changing lanes, or slowing down quickly.
Changing lanes, crossing intersections, or slowing down quickly.
Question 427
 You may legally block an intersection:
If you entered the intersection on the green light.
During rush hour traffic.
Under no circumstances.
Question 428
 To avoid last-minute moves, you should be looking down the road to where your vehicle will be in about:
5 to 10 seconds.
10 to 15 seconds.
15 to 20 seconds.
Question 429
 All of the following are dangerous to do while driving. Which is also illegal?
Wearing a headset that covers both ears
Having one or more interior lights on
Using cruise control on residential streets
Question 430
 When you see an emergency vehicle approaching while using its flashing lights, you must:
Maintain your speed and stay in your lane until the vehicle has passed.
Move into the right lane and drive slowly until the vehicle has passed.
Pull over to the curb or edge of the road and stop until the vehicle has passed.
Question 431
 You are getting ready to make a right turn. You should:
Signal and turn immediately.
Stop before entering the right lane and let all other traffic go first.
Slow down or stop, if necessary, and then make the turn.
Question 432
In traffic moving at 50 to 55 mph, you are least likely to have an accident if you:
Drive a few miles per hour faster than most other vehicles.
Stay within that speed range.
Drive a few miles per hour slower than most other vehicles.
Question 433
What is the only effective way to remove alcohol from the body?
Drink strong coffee.
Wait.
Take a cold shower.
Question 434
"No passing zone" signs tell drivers:
To speed up slightly.
That it is not safe to pass.
To maintain a steady speed.
Question 435
If a tire suddenly blows out while you are driving, you should:
Grip the steering wheel firmly, slow down, and exit the traffic lane.
Pump the brakes rapidly.
Brake hard and steer toward the right edge of the roadway.
Question 436
There are two traffic lanes moving in your direction. You are driving in the left lane and many vehicles are passing you on the right. If the driver behind you wishes to drive faster, you should:
Stay in your lane so you don't impede the flow of traffic.
Drive onto the left shoulder to let the other vehicles pass.
Move into the right lane when it is safe.
Question 437
Driving under the influence of any medication which impairs your driving is permitted:
Under no circumstances.
If you don't feel drowsy.
If it is prescribed by a physician.
Question 438
In a vehicle equipped with airbags, the safest place for children age 12 and under to ride is in:
The front seat.
The back seat.
The bed of a pick-up truck.
Question 439
What is the difference between traffic lights with red arrows and those with solid red lights?
Red arrows are only used to stop traffic which is turning.
Red arrows are only used for protected turn lanes.
You cannot turn on a red arrow, even if you stop first.
Question 441
 After passing a vehicle, it is safe to return to your driving lane when:
The driver you passed signals for you to return to your lane.
You signal your intention for three seconds.
You see the headlights of the passed vehicle in your rearview mirror.
Question 442
 You just sold your vehicle. You must notify the DMV within ____ days.
Five
10
15
Question 443
 Roadways are the most slippery:
During a heavy downpour.
After it has been raining for awhile.
During the first rain after a dry spell.
Question 444
 Drivers are required to obey instructions from:
Security guards patrolling parking lots.
Other drivers whose vehicles are broken down on the roadway.
Flaggers (signal persons) at construction sites.
Question 445
 The best way to avoid a dangerous situation while driving is to:
Know what is happening around your vehicle.
Turn off the radio.
Always keep your eyes focused ahead of your car.
Question 446
 Just like alcohol and other drugs, drowsiness can:
Help you to be a better driver.
Make you feel better.
Impair your judgment.
Question 447
 Stopping distances and severity of crashes:
Decrease as vehicle speed increases.
Are not affected by vehicle speed.
Increase as vehicle speed increases.
Question 448
 The safest precaution that you can take when using cellular phones while driving is:
To use hands-free devices so you can keep both hands on the steering wheel.
To keep your phone within easy reach so you won't need to take your eyes off the road.
To review the number before answering a call.
Question 450
 Double solid yellow line markings down the center of a road indicate that passing is:
Allowed from both directions.
Allowed only from your direction of travel.
Not allowed from either direction.
Question 451
 To turn left from a one-way street onto a one-way street, start from:
The lane closest to the left curb.
The center lane.
Any lane, as long as it seems safe to do so.
Question 453
 If you drive more slowly than the flow of traffic, you will most likely:
Interfere with traffic and receive a ticket.
Improve traffic flow.
Demonstrate defensive driving techniques.
Question 455
 While driving, you should look 10 to 15 seconds ahead of you:
And focus on the middle of the road.
Because it is a legal requirement.
To see potential hazards early.
Question 456
 A driver should:
Stare directly in front of their car.
Only focus on the middle of the road.
Watch beside, ahead, and to the rear of their car.
Question 457
 It is illegal to leave a child age ____ or younger alone in a vehicle.
Eight
Seven
Six
Question 458
 Always stop before crossing railroad tracks when:
There isn't room on the other side for you to completely cross the tracks.
The railroad crossing is located in a city or town that has frequent train traffic.
You are transporting two or more young children in a passenger vehicle.
Question 460
 When a school bus is stopped ahead on your side of the road with its red lights flashing, you must:
Slow to a speed no faster than 10 mph.
Stop until the lights stop flashing.
Change lanes and pass cautiously.
Question 461
 Blind spots are:
Spots in your vision when you become fatigued.
Areas of the road that cannot be seen in a vehicle's mirrors.
Traffic control devices.
Question 462
 If a traffic signal light is not working, you must:
Stop, then proceed when safe.
Stop before entering the intersection and let all other traffic go first.
Slow down or stop, only if necessary.
Question 463
 If you see a pedestrian using a guide dog or carrying a white cane:
The pedestrian must yield the right-of-way.
You must yield the right-of-way.
Honk your horn to let them know you are there.
Question 464
 You should not start across an intersection if you know you will block the intersection when the light turns red:
Under any circumstances.
Unless you entered the intersection on a yellow light.
Unless you entered the intersection on a green light.
Question 465
 To prevent tailgating, drivers should follow the:
One-second rule.
Two-second rule.
Three-second rule.
Question 466
 Which of the following is a dangerous habit when driving in work zones?
Tailgating another vehicle
Failing to carefully watch for workers and moving equipment
Both of the above
Question 467
 You see a signal person at a road construction site ahead. You should obey his or her instructions:
Only if you see orange cones on the road ahead.
Unless they conflict with existing signs, signals, or laws.
At all times.
Question 468
When entering traffic after being parked at a curb, you:
Should drive more slowly than other traffic for 200 feet.
Should wait for a large enough gap to get up to the speed of traffic.
Should wait for the first two vehicles to pass, then drive into the lane.
Question 469
To help others see you when daylight begins to fade, you should use your:
Parking lights.
Low beam headlights.
Emergency flashers.
Question 470
If you have a sudden tire blowout:
Use the brakes lightly.
Pump the brakes.
Apply the brakes firmly.
Question 471
When changing lanes:
Check your side mirror and look over your shoulder to make sure the lane is clear.
Check the inside rearview mirror.
Slow down.
Question 472
Extra space in front of a large truck is needed for:
Other drivers to merge onto the freeway.
The truck driver to stop the vehicle.
Other drivers when they want to slow down.
Question 473
You should signal continuously while turning because it:
Is illegal to turn off your signal before completing a turn.
Lets other drivers know what your intentions are.
Is always unsafe to turn off a signal before completing a turn.
Question 474
A safety zone is a specially marked area for passengers to get on or off of buses or trolleys. You may not drive through a safety zone:
When a bus or trolley is present.
When a bus or trolley is unloading passengers.
At any time for any reason.
Question 475
A flashing red traffic light at an intersection means:
Slow down before entering.
Stop before entering.
Stop and wait for the green light.
Question 476
Distracted driving is:
Anything that causes evasive action while driving.
Anything that takes your attention away from driving.
Anything that causes you to pay more attention to driving.
Question 477
 If you drive 55 mph in a 55 mph zone, you can be given a speeding ticket:
Under no circumstances because it is always legal.
If the road or weather conditions require a slower speed.
Only if you are approaching a sharp curve in the road.
Question 478
 When parking your vehicle parallel to the curb on a level street:
Your front wheels must be turned toward the street.
Your wheels must be within 18 inches of the curb.
One of your rear wheels must touch the curb.
Question 479
 Trucks' blind spots are:
Directly behind the body.
On the immediate left of the cab.
Both on the immediate left of the cab and directly behind the body.
Question 481
 To see objects in their blind spot when changing lanes, drivers should check:
Only the left outside mirror.
Over their left or right shoulder.
Only the inside rearview mirror.
Question 484
 If a motorist sees pedestrians in an upcoming crosswalk, what should the motorist do?
Continue ahead. The motorist has the right-of-way.
Wait for the pedestrians to cross the street.
Pull to the right and go around the pedestrians.
Question 486
 If you are driving and a tire suddenly goes flat, you should:
Rapidly pump the brake pedal several times.
Slow down gradually and not brake.
Press down on the brake pedal as hard as you can.
Question 487
 Which of the following statements about driving speed is true?
As your speed increases, the chance of a fatality increases.
As your speed increases, so should your following distance.
Both of the above.
Question 488
 You want to park uphill on a two-way road and there is no curb. Which direction do you turn your front wheels?
Straight ahead
Right, toward the side of the road
Left, toward the center of the road
Question 489
 If you have a green light but traffic is blocking the intersection, you should:
Stay out of the intersection until traffic clears.
Enter the intersection and wait until traffic clears.
Merge into another lane and try to go around the traffic.
Question 490
 Before changing lanes or attempting to pass another vehicle, you should:
Check your blind spots and mirrors.
Signal your intention before changing lanes.
All of the above.
Question 491
 Always carefully look for motorcycles before you change lanes because:
Their small size can make them hard to see.
They usually have the right-of-way at intersections.
It is illegal for motorcycles to share traffic lanes.
Question 492
 To be able to turn quickly, your hands must be:
On opposite sides of the steering wheel.
Next to each other on the top of the steering wheel.
On the top and bottom of the steering wheel.
Question 494
 Children on bicycles should be given extra space by motor vehicle operators because:
They do not have the same physical reflexes as adults.
They are smaller and more difficult to see than adults.
Both of the above.
Question 495
 When passing another vehicle, it is safe to return to your lane if you:
Cannot see the vehicle directly to your right.
See the vehicle’s headlights in your rearview mirror.
Have passed the other vehicle’s front bumper.
Question 496
 A broken yellow line down the center of a road indicates that:
A construction zone is ahead.
Passing is not permitted from either direction.
Passing is permitted from either direction.
Question 497
 After you have passed a vehicle moving in the same direction, it is safe to move back into the right lane:
After about three seconds.
When you can no longer see the passed vehicle over your right shoulder.
When you can see the entire front of the passed vehicle in your rearview mirror.
Question 498
 You may drive off of the paved roadway to pass another vehicle:
If the shoulder is wide enough to accommodate your vehicle.
If the vehicle ahead of you is turning left.
Under no circumstances.
Question 499
 When being followed by a tailgater, which of the following will help you avoid being hit from behind?
Merging into another lane
Decreasing your following distance
Changing lanes frequently
Question 500
 You enter a designated turn lane to make a left turn at an upcoming intersection. There is oncoming traffic. You should:
Move to the left of the center lane.
Signal before you arrive at the intersection.
Turn your front wheels to the left to be prepared to turn.
Question 501
 It is dangerous to follow a motorcycle too closely because:
They do not follow the same rules as motor vehicles.
A motorcycle can stop much faster than a standard vehicle.
They brake more slowly than motor vehicles.
Question 503
 You see a flashing yellow traffic signal at an upcoming intersection. The flashing yellow light means:
Stop before entering the intersection, as long as you can do so safely.
Stop. Yield to all cross traffic before crossing the intersection.
Slow down and cross the intersection carefully.
Question 504
Which of these statements is true about drugs and driving?
Any prescription drug is safe to use if you don't feel drowsy.
Even over-the-counter drugs can impair your driving.
Only illegal drugs can impair your driving.
Question 505
Drivers must use their seat belt:
Unless they are driving a vehicle built before 1978.
Unless they are driving a limousine.
And failure to do so will result in a traffic ticket.
Question 506
All of the following are dangerous to do while driving. Which is also illegal?
Wearing a headset that covers both ears.
Having one or more interior lights on.
Using cruise control on residential streets.
Question 507
California's "Basic Speed Law" says:
You should never drive faster than posted speed limits.
You should never drive faster than is safe for current conditions.
The maximum speed limit in California is 70 mph on certain freeways.
Question 508
A steady yellow traffic signal light is a warning that the light is about to change to red. If you are already within the intersection when a green light changes to yellow, you should:
Stop.
Continue moving and clear the intersection safely.
Increase your speed so as not to cause an accident.
Question 509
On freezing, wet days, which of the following roadways is most likely to hide spots of ice?
Roadways near the tops of hills
Roadways on bridges and overpasses
Roadways paved with asphalt
Question 510
If you are convicted of driving with an excessive blood alcohol concentration (BAC), you may be sentenced to serve:
Up to six months in jail.
Up to 12 months in jail.
No jail time, but you must pay a fine of $500.
Question 511
You should increase the distance between your vehicle and the vehicle ahead when you:
Are following a small passenger vehicle.
Are being tailgated by another driver.
Are driving more slowly than the posted speed limit.
Question 512
When parking uphill on a two-way street with no curb, your front wheels should be:
Turned to the left (toward the street).
Turned to the right (away from the street).
Parallel with the pavement.
Question 513
 When stopped at a red traffic light with a green arrow, you may proceed in the direction of the arrow if you:
First come to a complete stop.
Wait until the light changes.
Are in the proper lane and the intersection is clear.
Question 514
 What is the benefit of a space cushion around your vehicle?
Other drivers can cut in front of you, improving the flow of traffic.
If another driver makes a mistake, you have time to react.
It inflates to protect you from injury in the case of a collision.
Question 515
 A flashing yellow traffic signal at an intersection means:
You should treat the signal like a stop sign.
Stop. Yield to all cross traffic before crossing in the intersection.
Slow down and be alert at the upcoming intersection.
Question 516
 What message will be found on a red octagon-shaped sign?
Do not enter.
One-way.
Stop.
Question 517
 A solid yellow line next to a broken yellow line means that vehicles:
Driving in both directions may pass.
Next to the broken line may pass.
Next to the solid line may pass.
Question 518
 You are driving on a one-way street. You may only turn left onto another one-way street if:
You increase your speed before the turn.
Traffic on the street moves to the right.
Traffic on the street moves to the left.
Question 519
 The first thing that alcohol effects is:
Vision.
Judgment.
Balance.
Question 520
 A pedestrian starts to cross the street after the "Don't Walk" signal begins to flash. The pedestrian is in the middle of the street when your signal light changes to green. You should:
Proceed if you have the right-of-way.
Proceed if the pedestrian is not in your lane.
Wait until the pedestrian crosses the street before proceeding.
Question 521
 Which of the following statements is correct?
Use your left foot to brake.
Use your right foot for both braking and accelerating your vehicle.
You should always brake abruptly to ensure stopping.
Question 523
 Which statement is true?
You should put on your cruise control near a railroad crossing to maintain a constant speed.
You must stop at a railroad crossing when directed to do so by a flagger or stop sign.
You have the right-of-way at a railroad crossing and do not need to stop.
Question 524
 Which of the following blocks the smooth flow of traffic?
Slowing down to look at collision scene.
Avoiding unnecessary lane changes.
Using public transportation instead of your vehicle.
Question 525
 If it feels like your tires have lost contact with the surface of the road, you should:
Slow down by shifting into a lower gear.
Ease your foot off the gas pedal.
Slow down by pumping the brakes quickly and firmly.
Question 526
 When you tailgate other drivers (drive closely to their rear bumper):
You can frustrate the other drivers and make them angry.
Your actions cannot result in a traffic citation.
You help reduce traffic congestion.
Question 527
 Animals may be transported in the back of a pickup truck only if:
The sides of the truck bed are at least 18 inches high.
They are properly secured.
The tailgate of the truck is closed.
Question 528
 A steady red arrow displayed on a traffic light means:
Drivers cannot turn in the indicated direction.
Drivers may turn in the indicated direction after coming to a complete stop.
Drivers may turn in the indicated direction.
Question 529
 When passing another vehicle, you should return to your original lane when:
You can see both headlights of the passed vehicle in your rearview mirror.
You have cleared the front bumper of the passed vehicle.
You are 50 feet in front of the passed vehicle.
Question 530
 California's "Basic Speed Law" says you must:
Keep your speed close to that of other traffic.
Never drive faster than is safe for current conditions.
Always drive at the posted speed limit.
Question 532
 When planning to pass another vehicle, you should:
Not count on other drivers to make room for you.
Assume the driver will let you pass if you use your turn signal.
Assume the driver will maintain a constant speed.
Question 533
 A driver should:
Assume all drivers automatically obey the right-of-way rules.
Assume most drivers obey the right-of-way rules.
Always be prepared to yield the right-of-way.
Question 534
 Which of the following is most likely to be slippery in cold weather after snow or rain?
A hilly, open road
A residential road
A road in a shaded area
Question 535
 A school bus is stopped ahead of you in your lane with its red lights flashing. You should:
Stop and proceed when you think all of the children have exited the bus.
Slow to 25 mph and pass cautiously.
Stop for as long as the red lights are flashing.
Question 536
 A police officer is signaling for you to continue driving through a red light. What should you do?
Do as the officer tells you.
Wait for the green light.
Stop first, then do what the officer tells you.
Question 537
 Before you change lanes, you should check your mirrors and:
Never look over your right shoulder.
Always slow down in your traffic lane.
Glance over your shoulder.
Question 538
 When driving on a multilane street with two-way traffic:
Drive alongside other vehicles so the drivers can see you.
You should drive ahead of or behind the other vehicles.
It is safest to drive in the lane next to the centerline.
Question 539
 You are getting ready to make a right turn. You should:
Signal and turn immediately.
Stop before entering the right lane and let all other traffic go first.
Slow down or stop, if necessary, and then make the turn.
Question 540
California's Move Over law requires:
All vehicles to stay in the right lane at all times.
Trucks to use the left lane.
All vehicles to vacate the lane closest to an emergency vehicle that is stopped with its lights flashing.
Question 543
Allow extra space in front of your vehicle when following a:
Station wagon.
Passenger vehicle.
Motorcycle.
Question 544
Interstate driving requires drivers to:
Have the ability to safely drive at increased speeds.
Be constantly alert.
Both of the above.
Question 546
If you are facing a green traffic light but the intersection ahead is blocked by traffic, you should:
Turn left and find another route.
Stay out of the intersection until traffic clears.
Follow the other vehicles and enter the intersection.
Question 547
 The proper way to make a right turn is to:
Signal, slow down, and get into the lane closest to the centerline before turning.
Signal, slow down, and get into the lane closest to the right curb before turning.
Approach the corner in the lane nearest the right curb, but move over toward the middle of the street before turning.
Question 550
 If you find that the roadway ahead of you is flooded, you should:
Slam on the brakes.
Not drive through the flooded area. Turn around and find another route.
Drive only in the center of the roadway.
Question 551
 A peace officer is signaling for you to drive to the edge of the roadway. You decide to ignore the officer's warning and flee the scene. You are guilty of a misdemeanor and can be punished by being:
Fined up to $1,000.
Jailed in the county jail for not more than one year.
Given a warning and a citation.
Question 552
 You are approaching a green traffic light and traffic is blocking the intersection. What is the best thing to do?
Partially enter the intersection to establish your right-of-way.
Don't enter the intersection until you can get completely across.
Continue into the intersection and wait for traffic to clear.
Question 553
 To avoid traction loss on wet roads, you should:
Make abrupt turns.
Apply the brakes firmly.
Slow down.
Question 554
 What should a driver do when approaching a traffic control signal that is not in operation?
Come to a full stop and yield the right-of-way before entering the intersection.
If the intersection is clear, the driver does not need to stop.
Drive quickly through the intersection to get out of the way of other vehicles.
Question 555
 The speed limit at an uncontrolled railroad crossing is:
25 mph.
15 mph.
20 mph.
Question 556
 Only ____ can reduce blood alcohol content (BAC) and alcohol's effects on the body.
Drinking caffeine
Eating foods high in fat
Time
Question 557
 Three of the most important times to check for traffic behind you are before:
Backing, making a sharp turn, or crossing an intersection.
Backing, changing lanes, or slowing down quickly.
Changing lanes, crossing intersections, or slowing down quickly.
Question 561
 Backing your vehicle is:
Always dangerous.
Dangerous if you have a helper.
Only dangerous in large vehicles.
Question 562
 You consent to take a chemical test for the alcohol content of your blood, breath, or urine:
Only if you have been drinking alcohol.
Whenever you drive in California.
Only if you have a collision.
Question 564
 You are involved in a minor collision at an intersection. There are no injuries and there is very little vehicle damage. You should:
Leave your vehicle in the traffic lane until law enforcement arrives.
Move your vehicle out of the traffic lane, if possible.
Not move your vehicle for any reason.
Question 565
 You are crossing an intersection and an emergency vehicle is approaching while using its siren and flashing lights. You should:
Stop immediately in the intersection until it passes.
Pull to the right of the intersection and stop.
Continue through the intersection, pull to the right, and stop.
Question 566
 The speed limit on a school zone where children are present is ____, unless otherwise posted.
15 mph
25 mph
20 mph
Question 567
 Which of the following describes the thinking of defensive drivers?
They know other drivers will do the right thing.
They consider what other drivers might do and are prepared to react.
They expect no breaks and give none.
Question 568
 Pedestrians crossing at corners have the right-of-way:
Only at controlled intersections.
Only when a crosswalk is painted on the street.
Whether or not a crosswalk is marked.
Question 569
 If you come to a railroad crossing with lowered gates and flashing warning lights, you should:
Drive around the crossing gates if you can't see a train.
Come to a complete stop well behind the gates, wait for the tracks to clear, and proceed once the gates are lifted.
Slow down and drive around the gates.
Question 570
 Flash your brake lights or turn on your emergency flashers if you:
Need to warn other drivers of a collision ahead.
Are temporarily parked in a traffic lane to make delivery.
Are backing out of a parking space.
Question 571
 This bicyclist is signaling:
A left turn.
An upcoming stop.
A right turn.
Question 572
 You want to pass a bicyclist in a narrow traffic lane when an oncoming vehicle is approaching. You should:
Honk your horn then pass the bicyclist.
Slow down and let the vehicle pass you before you pass the bicyclist.
Wait until the bicyclist rides off the roadway.
Question 573
 Which of these vehicles must always stop before crossing railroad tracks?
Tank trucks marked with hazardous materials placards.
Motor homes or pickup trucks towing a boat trailer.
Any vehicle with three or more axles and weighing more than 4,000 pounds.
Question 574
 Hydroplaning occurs when tires ride on a thin film of water instead of on the surface of the road. To prevent hydroplaning in rainy weather, you should:
Put on your cruise control to maintain a constant speed.
Decrease your speed.
Move to the shoulder of the road as soon as it starts to rain.
Question 576
When making a right turn from a highway with two lanes traveling in your direction, you may turn from:
The lane closest to the center of the road.
The lane nearest the curb or edge of the roadway.
Either lane, depending on oncoming traffic.
Question 577
You may cross a double yellow line to pass another vehicle if the yellow line next to:
The other side of the road is a solid line.
Your side of the road is a broken line.
The other side of the road is a broken line.
Question 578
While in a motor vehicle on a highway, it is:
Illegal to either drink from or possess open containers of alcohol.
Legal to drink alcohol if you're not driving.
Legal to drink alcohol if you're driving but not drunk.
Question 579
When driving on gravel or dirt roads:
Your tires grip the road better than when you are driving on pavement.
Your tires do not have as much traction as they do on pavement, so you must slow down.
Visibility is better than on pavement.
Question 580
If there is a deep puddle on the road ahead, you should:
Maintain the posted speed to make it through the water.
Avoid the puddle if possible.
Shift into neutral as you drive through the water.
Question 581
You are driving on a city street and see an emergency vehicle with flashing lights behind you. What should you do?
Drive to the right edge of the road and slow down.
Drive to the right edge of the road and stop.
Stay in your lane, slow down, and let it pass.
Question 582
When approaching an intersection controlled by a flashing yellow light, you must:
Come to a complete stop at the intersection.
Maintain your normal speed.
Slow down and proceed with caution.
Question 583
When driving at night on a dimly lit street, you should:
Drive slowly enough that you can stop within the area illuminated by your headlights.
Turn on your high beam headlights to better see the vehicles ahead of you.
Keep the instrument panel lights bright to be more visible to other drivers.
Question 585
 If you experience a tire blowout:
Tap or pump the brakes.
Slow down gradually and use your brakes lightly.
Apply the brakes firmly and quickly.
Question 587
 All of the following are dangerous to do while driving. Which is also illegal?
Wearing a headset that covers both ears
Having one or more interior lights on
Using cruise control on residential streets
Question 588
 To help avoid skidding on slippery surfaces, you should:
Shift to a lower gear after starting down a steep hill.
Speed up to enter curves and slow down to exit them.
Slow down before entering curves and intersections.
Question 589
 Dim your headlights for oncoming vehicles or when you are within 300 feet of a vehicle:
That you are approaching from behind.
Approaching you from behind.
That you have already passed.
Question 591
 Slowing down just to look at collisions or anything else out-of-the-ordinary:
Causes traffic congestion.
Prevents rear-end collisions.
Improves traffic flow by preventing collisions.
Question 592
 Remove all snow, frost, and ice from:
Just the windshield.
All windows.
Just the windshield and passenger window.
Question 593
 What is the purpose of rumble strips?
They alert drivers to potential tire problems.
They test a vehicle's shock absorbers.
Through vibration and sound, they alert inattentive drivers to the fact that their vehicles have left the travel lane.
Question 594
 Continuous hard braking on ice and snow often:
Helps you stop faster.
Locks the front wheels of a vehicle, causing a loss of steering.
Keeps the brakes from freezing.
Question 595
 There is no crosswalk and you see a pedestrian crossing your lane ahead. You should:
Make eye contact with and then pass the pedestrian.
Slow down as you pass the pedestrian.
Stop and let the pedestrian finish crossing the street.
Question 596
 Which of the following increases your chances of being in a collision?
Looking over your shoulder while making lane changes
Continuously changing lanes to pass other vehicles
Adjusting your rearview mirror before you start driving
Question 597
 Where is it safe to pass another vehicle?
Within an intersection where there are no oncoming vehicles
Wherever signs and/or pavement markings permit passing
Within a curve where there are no oncoming vehicles
Question 599
 It is illegal for a person 21 years of age or older to drive with a blood alcohol concentration (BAC) that is ____ or higher.
0.08% -- Eight-hundredths of one percent
0.10% -- One-tenth of one percent
0.05% -- Five-hundredths of one percent
Question 601
 Always use your seat belt:
Unless the vehicle was built before 1978.
Unless you are in a limousine.
When the vehicle is equipped with seat belts.
Question 602
 An orange and red triangular sign on a vehicle always means:
The vehicle has the right-of-way.
Slow-moving vehicle.
Shoulder work ahead.
Question 603
 Which of these statements is true about large trucks?
They take longer to stop than passenger vehicles.
They all have air brakes that allow them to stop quickly.
They are more maneuverable than passenger vehicles.
Question 608
 There is a vehicle stopped on the right shoulder of the road with its hazard lights on. You should:
Change lanes to the left and speed up.
Slow down and pass very carefully.
Stop your vehicle until you can see what has happened.
Question 609
 To prevent yourself from becoming an aggressive driver:
Relax and concentrate on driving.
Drive above the posted speed limit.
Tailgate the driver in front of you.
Question 611
 Which of the following is true about vehicles displaying a diamond-shaped sign that indicates a hazardous load?
They are not allowed to drive on freeways.
They must stop before crossing railroad tracks.
They are not allowed to exceed 35 mph.
Question 612
When driving in fog, you should:
Slow down and use your low beam headlights.
Slow down and use your high beam headlights.
Turn your lights on and off to warn other drivers.
Question 614
When driving in fog, you should use your:
Fog lights only.
High beams.
Low beams.
Question 615
You drive defensively when you:
Put one car length between you and the car ahead.
Look only at the car in front of you while driving.
Keep your eyes moving to look for possible hazards.
Question 616
With a Class C driver license, a person may drive:
A three-axle vehicle if the Gross Vehicle Weight is less than 6,000 pounds.
Any three-axle vehicle, regardless of the weight.
A vehicle pulling two trailers.
Question 617
It is illegal to leave a child age six or younger unattended in a vehicle on a hot day:
Even if they are secured in a child passenger restraint system.
If they are supervised by a person twelve years of age or older.
Only if the key is in the ignition.
Question 618
Collisions are more likely to happen when:
All vehicles are traveling at about the same speed.
One lane of traffic is traveling faster than the other lanes.
One vehicle is traveling faster or slower than the flow of traffic.
Question 619
You may make a left turn on a red light only from a:
One-way street onto a two-way street.
One-way street onto a one-way street.
Two-way street onto a one-way street.
Question 620
You may drive a motor vehicle in a bike lane:
If you drive more slowly than 15 mph.
No more than 200 feet before making a right turn.
Whenever bicyclists are not present.
Question 621
 It is necessary to use your low beams any time you are:
On a lighted street.
On a freeway.
In fog.
Question 622
 Reaction time is slower after:
Drinking alcohol.
Sleeping.
Working hard.
Question 623
 Before you enter an intersection, you should look to your:
Left, your right, then your left again.
Right.
Left.
Question 624
 To pass on a two-lane road, you should:
Sound your horn as you pass.
Flash your headlights as you pass.
Judge the distance to any oncoming vehicles.
Question 625
 If you approach a stopped school bus that has its lights flashing and signal arm extended, you should:
Stop.
Proceed at 15 mph if no children are present.
Proceed at normal speed, but watch for children.
Question 626
 At intersections, crosswalks, and railroad crossings, you should always:
Stop, listen, and proceed cautiously.
Look to the sides of your vehicle to see what is coming.
Slowly pass vehicles that seem to be stopped for no reason.
Question 627
 When used on roadways, bicycles are considered:
Hazards.
Vehicles.
Dangerous.
Question 628
 If you come across livestock or other animals on the roadway, you should:
Swerve out of the way.
Slow down and stop.
Ignore them.
Question 630
 At a school crossing sign, you should:
Always stop, whether there is a stop sign or not.
Watch for children and be ready to stop.
Always sound your horn when you see children.
Question 631
 Smoking inside a vehicle with a person younger than 18 years of age is:
Legal, if it is your child.
Illegal at all times.
Not restricted by law.
Question 632
 Yellow lines separate:
Traffic lanes on one-way streets.
Traffic moving in opposite directions on two-way roads.
All carpool lanes from regular traffic lanes.
Question 633
 When should you yield your legal right-of-way?
Often, even at controlled intersections.
Whenever it helps prevent collisions.
Never. It confuses other drivers.
Question 634
 Tailgating other drivers (driving too closely to their rear bumper):
Can frustrate other drivers and make them angry.
Cannot result in a traffic citation.
Reduces collisions by preventing being "cut off."
Question 635
 Your driving lane is next to a bicycle lane. You want to make a right turn at the upcoming intersection. You:
May not enter the bicycle lane to make your turn.
Should only merge into the bicycle lane if you stop before turning.
Must merge into the bicycle lane before making your turn.
Question 636
 U-turns in residential districts are legal:
On a one-way street on a green arrow.
When there are no vehicles approaching nearby.
Across sets of solid double yellow lines.
Question 637
 A solid yellow line on your side of the centerline means:
Reduce your speed.
Traffic light ahead.
Do not pass.
Question 638
 What usually causes a locked wheel skid?
Braking too hard at a slow speed
Braking lightly at a slow speed
Braking too hard at a fast speed
Question 639
 If you are driving and the rear end of your car starts skidding to the left, you should:
Steer to the right.
Steer to the left.
Tap your brakes lightly and shift into neutral.
Question 640
 Broken yellow lines are used on streets and highways to:
Indicate no passing zones.
Separate lanes of traffic moving in the same direction.
Separate lanes of traffic moving in opposite directions.
Question 641
 At intersections with a "Yield" sign, you must:
Yield the right-of-way to cross traffic that is near enough to cause conflict.
Yield the right-of-way only to vehicles on your right.
Always slow down and proceed without stopping.
Question 642
 Which way do you turn your front wheels to park downhill next to a curb?
Into the curb
Away from the curb
Parallel to the curb
Question 643
 As you approach the top of a hill, you should:
Speed up slightly.
Prepare to stop, if needed.
Maintain a steady speed.
Question 644
 If you have trouble seeing other vehicles because of dust or smoke blowing across the roadway, you should drive more slowly and turn on your:
Emergency flashers.
Parking lights.
Headlights.
Question 645
 Prior to entering a curve:
Activate your turn signal.
Reduce your speed.
Brake hard.
Question 646
 Which child would require a child passenger restraint system?
A 9-year-old who is 4 feet 10 inches tall
A 10-year-old who is 5 feet 3 inches tall
A 7-year-old who is 4 feet 8 inches tall
Question 648
If bad weather makes it difficult for you to see clearly, you should:
Speed up to get off the road quickly.
Drive in the lane closest to oncoming traffic.
Increase your following distance.
Question 650
On rainy, snowy, or foggy days, turn on your windshield wipers and use your headlights:
On the high beam setting.
So other drivers can see you.
Only when driving on the freeway.
Question 651
Which of these statements is true about driving and taking medications?
Most cold medications can make a person drowsy.
Over-the-counter medications cannot impair driving ability if taken in the recommended dosages.
Medications are safe to take at any time, if prescribed by a doctor.
Question 652
The center of the roadway is marked with one solid yellow line and one broken yellow line. If the broken yellow line is directly next to your traffic lane, it means:
You are not allowed to pass in this area.
You are in a passing zone and it is safe for you to pass other vehicles on the left if no oncoming traffic is present.
You are only allowed to make right turns in this area.
Question 653
If your cell phone rings while you are driving and you do not have a hands-free device, you should:
Answer the call because it may be an emergency.
Let the call go to voicemail.
Check the incoming number before answering the call.
Question 654
When driving on an interstate, to avoid traffic merging from on-ramps to your right, the best thing to do is to:
Change lanes to the left.
Slow down.
Maintain your speed and position.
Question 655
When approaching a roundabout, you should always:
Increase your speed.
Decrease your speed.
Maintain your speed.
Question 657
 To enter a gap in highway traffic:
Watch only the vehicles behind the gap.
Check behind you, then watch the vehicle ahead.
Speed up and let the other vehicles make way.
Question 658
 You are driving on the freeway. The vehicle in front of you is a large truck. You should drive:
Closely behind the truck in bad weather because the driver can see farther ahead than you can.
Farther behind the truck than you would when following a passenger vehicle.
No more than one car length behind the truck so the driver can see you.
Question 659
 Work zone barriers, drums, cones, and signs are used to:
Make drivers angry about slow traffic.
Inconvenience drivers.
Keep traffic out of hazardous work zones.
Question 660
 It is against the law to enter an intersection when:
You can't get all the way across before the light turns red.
The light is flashing yellow and you didn't stop first.
The light is yellow and you cannot stop safely.
Question 661
 Which of the following road surfaces freezes first?
A tunnel
An intersection
A bridge
Question 662
 When passing a row of parked vehicles, you should:
Be prepared for a person or vehicle to unexpectedly enter your lane.
Expect all other drivers and pedestrians to respect your right-of-way.
Drive closely to the parked vehicles to allow more room for moving traffic.
Question 663
 If you pass a school bus that is stopped with its red lights flashing, you will:
Be fined up to $1,000.
Be fined up to $100.
Face no legal consequences.
Question 664
 Fines in a construction zone are:
Doubled.
Tripled.
Cut in half.
Question 665
 If your car's suspension is bad, it can cause:
Vehicle control problems.
Squealing brakes.
Slack in the steering.
Question 666
 This yellow signs means:
The road ahead has many curves.
There is a sharp curve in the road ahead.
The road ahead may be slippery.
Question 667
 You should use your horn when:
Another vehicle is in your way.
It may help prevent a collision.
Another driver makes a mistake.
Question 668
 If you have had several beers, the effects of alcohol will be reduced only by:
Taking a cold shower.
Waiting several hours.
Drinking several cups of coffee.
Question 669
 If your vehicle starts to lose traction because of water on the road, you should:
Drive at a constant speed to gain better traction.
Apply the brakes firmly to prevent your vehicle from sliding.
Slow down gradually and not apply the brakes.
Question 670
 When changing lanes, you should never:
Look over your shoulder to check your blind spot.
Change lanes abruptly or spontaneously.
Check for other vehicles moving into the same lane.
Question 671
 To turn left from a one-way street with multiple lanes onto a two-way street, start the turn in:
The far left lane.
Any available lane.
The lane closest to the middle of the street.
Question 672
 You have been involved in a minor traffic collision with a parked vehicle and you can't find the owner. You must:
Leave a note on the vehicle.
Report the collision without delay to the city police or, in unincorporated areas, to the California Highway Patrol.
Both of the above.
Question 673
 A curb painted red means:
Loading zone.
The area is reserved for picking up or dropping off passengers.
No parking, standing, or stopping.
Question 674
 If you drive faster than other vehicles on a road with one lane moving in each direction and continually pass the other cars, you will:
Get you to your destination much more quickly and safely.
Increase your chances of an collision.
Help prevent traffic congestion.
Question 675
 On a green arrow, you must:
Yield to any vehicle, bicycle, or pedestrian in the intersection.
Yield to pedestrians only in the intersection.
Wait four seconds before proceeding.
Question 676
 You are driving on the freeway behind a large truck. You should drive:
Closer behind the truck than you would if following a passenger vehicle.
Farther behind the truck than you would if following a passenger vehicle.
To the right side of the truck and wait to pass.
Question 677
 A large truck is ahead of you and is turning right onto a street with two lanes in each direction. The truck:
May complete its turn in either of the two lanes.
May have to swing wide to complete the right turn.
Must stay in the right lane at all times while turning.
Question 678
 If you can see that the roadway up ahead is covered by heavy smoke, you should:
Turn on your four-way flashers and continue.
Reduce your speed, move as far to the right as possible, and stop off the roadway.
Turn on your high beam headlights and continue.
Question 679
 When entering an interstate highway, you should:
Stop, check for cars, and enter when safe.
Check for cars and reduce your speed to 25 mph before entering the traffic lane.
Check for cars, increase your speed to match the flow of traffic, and merge when the way is clear.
Question 680
 Which of the following is true about roadways on bridges and overpasses in cold, wet weather?
They tend to freeze before the rest of the road does.
They do not freeze because they are made of concrete.
They tend to freeze after the rest of the road does.
Question 681
 Your license can be suspended if you are under 21 and drive with a blood alcohol level of:
0.15 percent or more.
0.08 percent or more.
Any amount.
Question 683
 How many alcoholic drinks does it take to affect your driving ability?
Three
Two
One
Question 684
Having a driver license is a:
Right, not a privilege.
Privilege, not a right.
Requirement.
Question 685
All of the following practices are dangerous to do while driving. Which of these is also illegal?
Listening to music through headphones that cover both ears.
Adjusting your outside mirrors.
Transporting an unrestrained animal inside the vehicle.
Question 686
You must look for bicyclists in the same lanes used by motor vehicles because they:
Must ride facing oncoming traffic.
Illegally share lanes with motor vehicles.
Are entitled to share the road with motor vehicles.
Question 688
You may not park your vehicle:
On the side of the freeway in an emergency.
Next to a red painted curb.
Within 100 feet of an elementary school.
Question 689
While driving on a roadway with a single broken white centerline:
You must stay within your lane.
You may cross the centerline to change lanes.
You may change lanes only from the left lane.
Question 691
You are entering a freeway. Check traffic on the freeway by:
Using your rearview and side mirrors.
Using your rearview mirror.
Using your side mirror and looking over your shoulder.
Question 692
It is legal to drive with an alcoholic beverage container that has been opened only if the container is:
Under the front seat.
In the glove department.
In the trunk.
Question 693
 What is a crosswalk?
Another name for a four-way intersection.
An area designated for road construction workers.
The area where pedestrians may cross the roadway.
Question 695
 You were parked and have been waiting a long time with your turn signal on to re-enter traffic. However, traffic is heavy. You should:
Continue waiting and yielding to traffic in the lane.
Slowly inch your vehicle into the traffic lane.
Drive on the shoulder until a gap in traffic appears.
Question 696
 The driver ahead of you stops at a crosswalk. What should you do?
Cautiously pass the vehicle at 10 mph or slower.
Stop, proceeding only when all the pedestrians have crossed.
Change lanes, look carefully, and pass the stopped vehicle.
Question 698
 You may be able to identify an aggressive driver by:
Their erratic and improper lane changes.
The number of passengers in their car.
Their tendency to drive slowly.
Question 700
 When may you legally drive around or under a railroad crossing gate?
Never.
When you can see clearly in both directions.
When the warning lights are not flashing.
Question 701
 When driving on the highway, consistently looking far ahead of your vehicle:
Helps you keep up with traffic.
Reduces the need for last-minute braking or turning.
Allows you to spot upcoming police officers.
Question 702
 What can you do to reduce road rage?
Always signal your intention when changing lanes.
Talk on your cell phone while driving.
Use your horn frequently.
Question 703
 It is illegal to park your vehicle:
In an unmarked crosswalk.
Within three feet of a private driveway.
In a bicycle lane.
Question 705
 Which of the following statements about blind spots is true?
They are eliminated if you have one outside mirror on each side of the vehicle.
Large trucks have bigger blind spots than most passenger vehicles.
Blind spots can be checked by looking in your rearview mirrors.
Question 706
 When you drive through a construction zone, you should:
Stop to watch the workers.
Decrease your following distance.
Pass the construction zone carefully and not “rubberneck."
Question 707
 What should you do at an intersection with a flashing yellow signal light?
Maintain your speed but watch for other vehicles.
Stop before crossing the intersection.
Slow down and cross the intersection carefully.
Question 708
 Which of these is a safe driving technique?
Using your high beam lights in the fog.
Staring at the road ahead of your vehicle.
Checking your rearview mirrors frequently.
Question 710
 Large trucks are likely to lose speed when:
Driving up long or steep hills.
Driving in long, gradual curves.
Driving down long, gradual hills.
Question 711
 The speed limit in any alley is:
20 mph.
15 mph.
25 mph.
Question 712
 When a school bus is stopped on the road ahead to load or unload children, you must:
Come to a complete stop until all the children have left the bus.
Come to a complete stop until the red lights stop flashing and the stop arm is withdrawn.
Change lanes, drive slowly, and pass the bus cautiously.
Question 713
 Abandoning an animal on the highway may result in:
Jail time.
A point against your license.
No legal consequences.
Question 714
 When changing lanes, you should never:
Cross the centerline in an intersection.
Check your blind spots by looking over your left or right shoulder.
Check for other drivers moving into the same lane.
Question 715
 It is a very windy day. You are driving and a dust storm blows across the freeway, reducing your visibility. You should decrease your speed and turn on your:
Interior lights.
Parking lights.
Headlights.
Question 716
 When parking next to a curb, you should use your turn signals:
Only when pulling away from the curb.
When pulling next to, but not away from, the curb.
When pulling next to or away from the curb.
Question 717
 If you want to pass a bicyclists riding on the right edge of your lane:
You must honk your horn before passing the bicyclist.
You must not squeeze past the bicyclist.
You may not pass the bicyclist for any reason.
Question 718
 If you plan to pass another vehicle, you should:
Not assume the other driver will make space for you to return to your lane.
Assume the other driver will let you pass if you use your turn signal.
Assume the other driver will maintain a constant speed.
Question 719
 When arriving to an uncontrolled intersection at the same time as vehicles to your right and left, you should:
Yield the right-of-way to the vehicle on your left.
Yield the right-of-way to the vehicle on your right.
Wait until there are no vehicles at the intersection before proceeding.
Question 720
You reach an intersection with stop signs on all four corners at the same time as the driver on your left. Who has the right-of-way?
The driver on your left has the right-of-way.
You have the right-of-way.
Whoever is signaling to make a turn has the right-of-way.
Question 721
"No zones" are areas around trucks where cars:
Disappear into blind spots or are so close that they restrict the truck driver's ability to stop and maneuver safely.
Have sufficient space to travel behind the truck.
Have several car lengths between their vehicle and the truck.
Question 722
When approaching a person who is crossing the street while using a white cane or guide dog, you should:
Stop until the person is well away from your path of travel.
Honk your horn as you proceed past them.
Carefully drive around them.
Question 723
When a car with bright headlights drives toward you at night, you should:
Stop until the other driver passes.
Look below their headlights.
Glance toward the right edge of your lane.
Question 724
You are approaching a railroad crossing with no warning devices and are unable to see 400 feet down the tracks in one direction. The speed limit is:
15 mph.
20 mph.
25 mph.
Question 725
Construction zone signs are generally:
Square or rectangular with white and red coloring.
Round or octagonal with black and yellow coloring.
Diamond-shaped or rectangular with orange and black coloring.
Question 726
Driving more slowly than surrounding traffic is:
A good idea if the weather is bad.
Appropriate if you don’t know the speed limit.
Often a hazard because other drivers may become frustrated and try to pass you.
Question 727
Motorcycles, scooters, and mopeds are not easy to see; therefore, you should:
Slow down when driving.
Make constant visual checks.
Share a lane with a motorcycle.
Question 728
If it is necessary to make an emergency stop while driving on an interstate, you should:
Sound your horn at passing cars to get their attention.
Get out of your vehicle and flag down the first vehicle that passes.
Pull off the road, turn on your emergency flashers, and stay in your vehicle, if you can.
Question 729
 You are driving in the far right lane of a four-lane freeway and notice thick broken white lines on the left side of your lane. You are driving in:
The carpool lane and must merge into the next lane.
A special lane for slow-moving vehicles.
An exit lane.
Question 731
 When driving on a slippery surface, such as snow or ice:
Shift to a low gear before going down steep hills.
Maintain traction by following other vehicles closely.
Pump your brakes to keep them from freezing.
Question 733
 Large trucks turning onto a street with two lanes in each direction:
May complete the turn in either of the two lanes.
Often have to use the left lane to complete the turn.
Must stay in the right lane at all times while turning.
Question 734
 Unless otherwise posted, the speed limit in a residential area is:
20 mph.
25 mph.
30 mph.
Question 735
 What does a traffic signal with a yellow left arrow indicate?
Drivers should prepare to yield to oncoming traffic.
The protected left turn is about to end.
Both of the above.
Question 736
 When a school bus is picking up or dropping off children, you must:
Stop, regardless of your direction of travel.
Stop if you are driving in the same direction.
Slow down and be prepared to stop.
Question 737
 You are about to make a left turn. You must signal continuously during the last ____ feet before the turn.
50
75
100
Question 738
 You must show proof of insurance to law enforcement:
Only if you are involved in a collision.
If you are involved in a collision or stopped for a citation.
Only if you are stopped and cited.
Question 739
 Excessive speed:
Saves time so you can get to your destination more quickly.
Helps you maneuver around obstacles.
Increases the likelihood of serious bodily injury and death.
Question 740
 You must file a report of a traffic accident occurring in California when:
Your vehicle fails a smog test.
You are involved in a collision and there is an injury.
You change your insurance company.
Question 742
 Any amount of alcohol in the blood may affect a driver's:
Right-of-way privileges.
Judgment and physical coordination.
Knowledge.
Question 743
 When driving in a construction zone:
Slightly increase your speed.
Expect the unexpected.
Expect construction workers to yield to motorists.
Question 746
 If you hit an animal with your vehicle while driving on a California highway, you should:
Move the injured animal off the road.
Call the humane society.
Continue driving.
Question 747
 In which of the following scenarios should your wheels not be pointed straight ahead?
When waiting to make a left turn at a traffic light.
When parked on a hill or sloping driveway.
When parked on the side of a level roadway where there is no curb.
Question 748
 The maximum posted speed limit should be driven only:
During the night.
During the day.
Under ideal conditions.
Question 749
 Regulatory signs are:
Green.
Yellow.
White.
Question 750
 When is it legal for minors to use a cell phone without a hands-free device while driving?
When making a call while stopped at the red light
When making a call for emergency assistance
Never
Question 753
 You are driving on a freeway with a posted speed limit of 65 mph. Traffic is heavy and moving at 35 mph. The best speed for your vehicle is most likely:
25 mph.
35 mph.
30 mph.
Question 756
When approaching an intersection that is controlled by a flashing red traffic signal, you must:
Come to a complete stop, yield to oncoming traffic or pedestrians, then proceed.
Reduce your speed and proceed with caution.
Come to a complete stop and remain stopped as long as the light is red.
Question 758
You may legally block an intersection:
If you entered the intersection on the green light.
During rush hour traffic.
Under no circumstances.
Question 759
At dawn or dusk and in rain or snow, it can be hard to see and be seen. A good way to let other drivers know you are there is to turn:
Up the instrumental panel lights.
On your parking lights.
On your headlights.
Question 760
You must notify the DMV within five days if you:
Sell or transfer your vehicle.
Fail a smog test.
Get a new prescription for lenses or contacts.
Question 761
Check your rearview mirrors:
Often to see how traffic is moving behind you.
To see if a vehicle is in your blind spot.
Only when you are slowing down.
Question 762
To see vehicles in your blind spots, you should check:
The inside rearview mirror.
The outside rearview mirror.
Over your shoulders.
Question 763
To turn left from a multilane one-way street onto a one-way street, you should start your turn from:
Any lane (as long as it is safe).
The lane closest to the left curb.
The lane in the center of the road.
Question 764
Hydroplaning occurs when tires ride on a thin film of water instead of on the road. To prevent hydroplaning in wet weather, you should:
Put on your cruise control to maintain a constant speed.
Slow down.
Move to the shoulder of the road as soon as it starts to rain.
Question 765
 Should you always drive more slowly than other traffic?
No, you can block traffic when you drive too slowly.
Yes, it is a good defensive driving technique.
Yes, it is always safer than driving faster than other traffic.
Question 766
 Safely backing your vehicle requires all of the following, except:
Looking over your right shoulder as you back up.
Checking your vehicle's surroundings.
Tapping your horn before you back up.
Question 767
 To avoid glare from the headlights of an approaching car:
Look briefly toward the right side of the road.
Stay focused on the centerline on the road.
Flash your high beams.
Question 768
 When changing lanes:
Rely on the rearview mirror.
Look over your shoulder in the direction you plan to move.
Rely on the left side mirror.
Question 769
 When changing lanes on a freeway, you should:
Signal for at least five seconds.
Slow down before you start to change lanes.
Assume there is enough space in the next lane for your vehicle, if you signal first.
Question 771
 Which of the following roadways freeze first when wet?
Bridges and overpasses
Intersections
Tunnels
Question 772
 Which of these statements is true about roadwork zones?
Fines are the same for violations committed in work zones as they are under normal traffic conditions.
You must "Slow for the Cone Zone."
Slow down only if you think workers are present.
Question 773
 While all of the following actions are dangerous to do while driving, which is also illegal?
Listening to music through a set of dual headphones.
Adjusting your outside mirrors.
Reading a road map.
Question 774
 You are approaching an intersection at the posted speed limit when the signal turns yellow. You should:
Slow down and proceed through the intersection without caution.
Speed up to cross the intersection before the light turns red.
Stop before entering the intersection, if you can do so safely.
Question 775
 There are oncoming vehicles to your left and a row of parked vehicles to your right. You should steer:
Closer to the oncoming vehicles than the parked vehicles.
Closer to the parked vehicles than the oncoming vehicles.
A middle course between the oncoming and parked vehicles.
Question 776
 A solid yellow arrow on a traffic signal means:
You should speed up so you can make the turn before the light changes.
You do not need to signal to turn from the indicated lane.
You should prepare to stop and yield the right-of-way to oncoming traffic.
Question 777
 You want to make a right turn at an upcoming intersection. You should slow down and:
Move toward the left side of your lane.
Avoid driving in the bicycle lane.
Signal for 100 feet before turning.
Question 778
 If the rear of your vehicle is skidding to the left, you should:
Not turn your steering wheel.
Turn your steering wheel to the left to correct the skid.
Turn your steering wheel to the right to correct the skid.
Question 780
 As the percentage of alcohol (BAC) in your blood increases, you become:
More intoxicated.
More sober.
More coordinated.
Question 781
 If a child is about to run into the street, you should:
Start to prepare to slow down.
Flash your headlights.
Sound a sharp blast of your horn.
Question 783
 When you see a flashing yellow light at an intersection, you should:
Yield to all traffic before crossing the intersection.
Stop, then enter the intersection when it is safe to do so.
Slow down and cross the intersection carefully.
Question 784
 If you are riding in a vehicle equipped with a lap belt and a separate shoulder belt, you are:
Only required to use the lap belt.
Required to use both the lap and shoulder belts.
Only required to use the shoulder belt.
Question 786
 Which of the following driving skills are affected by the use of alcohol and/or drugs?
Alertness and concentration.
Reaction time and coordination.
All of the above.
Question 788
 You must yield the right-of-way to an emergency vehicle that is using its siren and flashing lights by:
Driving as closely to the right edge of the road as possible and stopping.
Moving into the right lane and driving slowly until it has passed.
Stopping immediately, even if you are within an intersection.
Question 789
 Signs with orange backgrounds are:
General warning signs.
Construction and maintenance warning signs.
Regulatory signs.
Question 791
 If a tire blows out, you should:
Apply the brake and hold it.
Hold the steering wheel tightly and use the brakes lightly.
Pull over quickly.
Question 792
If your vehicle begins to skid, you should:
Ease up on the gas pedal.
Brake as hard as possible.
Turn off the ignition.
Question 793
When passing another car, you have enough space to return to the driving lane:
If the other driver signals for you to re-enter the lane.
If you look over your shoulder and see the passed car behind you.
If you can see both of the passed vehicle's headlights in your rearview mirror.
Question 794
To avoid last-minute moves, you should be looking down the road to where your vehicle will be in about:
5 to 10 seconds.
10 to 15 seconds.
15 to 20 seconds.
Question 795
U-turns in business districts are:
Always illegal because they are dangerous.
Legal whenever oncoming vehicles are not a hazard.
Legal at intersections, unless a sign prohibits them.
Question 796
Roads are slippery after it first starts to rain. When the road is slippery, you should:
Avoid making turns and stops while driving at high speeds.
Test your tires' traction while going uphill.
Decrease the distance you look ahead of your vehicle.
Question 797
Roads with double solid yellow line markings down the center indicate that passing is:
Allowed from both directions.
Allowed only from your direction of travel.
Not allowed from either direction.
Question 798
You are merging onto an interstate highway. You should:
Select a safe gap and merge into the lane of traffic.
Merge across two lanes at once.
Always stop before entering the highway.
Question 799
When can you drive in a bike lane?
30 minutes after sunset or 30 minutes before sunrise
On foggy days when visibility is low
200 feet before making a turn
Question 800
Blocking an intersection during "rush hour" traffic is not permitted:
Unless you entered the intersection on a green light.
Under any circumstances, even if your light is green.
Unless you have the right-of-way or a green light.
Question 801
 If you are involved in a traffic collision, you are required to complete and submit a written report to the DMV:
Only if you or the other driver is injured.
If there is property damage in excess of $1,000 or if there are any injuries.
Only if you are at fault.
Question 802
 You must obey instructions from school crossing guards:
At all times.
Only during school hours.
Unless you do not see any children present.
Question 803
 Two sets of solid double yellow lines that are two or more feet apart:
May be crossed to enter or exit a private driveway.
May not be crossed for any reason.
Should be treated as a separate traffic lane.
Question 804
 A flashing yellow light at an intersection means you should:
Slow down and proceed with caution.
Come to a complete stop as quickly as possible.
Stop and proceed only when the intersection is clear.
Question 805
 You can drive off the road to pass another vehicle:
If the vehicle ahead is turning left.
If there are two or more lanes traveling in your direction.
Under no circumstances.
Question 806
 If you park facing uphill where there is no curb, set the parking brake and:
Turn your wheels toward the edge of the road.
Turn your wheels away from the edge of the road.
Keep your wheels facing straight.
Question 807
 When you approach an octagonal sign, you must:
Slow.
Stop.
Turn.
Question 808
 Which of these statements is true about changing lanes?
You only need to turn and look over your right shoulder for lane changes to the right or left.
Look over your right shoulder for a right lane change and your left shoulder for a left lane change.
Vehicles with two outside mirrors do not have blind spots.
Question 809
 A red arrow pointing to the right on a traffic light means you may:
Turn in that direction after slowing and checking for traffic.
Not turn in that direction until the light turns green.
Turn in that direction after you come to a complete stop.
Question 811
 Which of the following statements is true?
Driving too slowly is not an unsafe practice.
Driving too slowly on certain highways can be dangerous.
The speed at which you drive a vehicle does not affect safety.
Question 814
 You are on the freeway and traffic is merging into your lane. You should:
Make room for the merging traffic, if possible.
Assert your right-of-way by driving faster.
Always maintain your position.
Question 815
 At an intersection with a yield sign, you:
Must yield the right-of-way to cross traffic that is close enough to cause conflict.
Must yield to vehicles only on your right.
Should slow down but never stop.
Question 816
 You are driving on a freeway with a posted speed limit of 65 mph. Traffic is traveling at 70 mph. You may legally drive:
70 mph or faster to keep up with the speed of traffic.
Between 65 mph and 70 mph.
No faster than 65 mph.
Question 817
 On a freeway, you should look farther ahead than you would on a city street:
In order to see potential hazards early.
Because it takes a quarter of a mile to stop your vehicle completely.
Because it helps you keep up with traffic.
Question 818
 A white painted curb indicates a:
Loading zone for freight or passengers.
Loading zone for passengers or mail only.
Loading zone for freight only.
Question 819
 If a vehicle is equipped with airbags:
Seat belts should still be worn.
Seat belts do not need to be worn.
Seat belts should be worn behind the back.
Question 820
 A person may legally ride in the back of a pickup truck when:
The sides of the pickup bed are at least 24 inches high.
The back of the pickup is covered with a camper shell.
In a secured seat and while using an approved safety belt.
Question 821
 A curb painted blue means parking is:
Allowed for no longer than 15 minutes.
Only allowed when picking up or dropping off passengers.
For disabled persons with a special placard or plate.
Question 822
 If you see orange construction signs and cones on a freeway, you must:
Slow down because the lane ends ahead.
Be prepared for workers and equipment ahead.
Change lanes and maintain your current speed.
Question 823
 When using a roundabout, drivers should:
Stop in the middle of the roundabout.
Yield to traffic already in the roundabout.
Yield to entering traffic.
Question 824
 Which of these statements is true about drinking alcohol and driving?
If you can walk in a straight line after drinking, it is safe to drive.
If you are under the legal blood alcohol concentration limit, your driving isn't impaired.
Alcohol affects judgement, which is needed to drive safely.
Question 826
 When merging onto the freeway, you should be driving:
At or near the speed of the freeway traffic.
At the legal speed limit.
More slowly than the freeway traffic.
Question 827
You exit the freeway on a ramp that curves downhill. You should:
Slow to a safe speed before the curve.
Slow to the posted speed limit for the freeway.
Wait until you have entered the curve to begin braking.
Question 829
When parking your vehicle on any hill:
One of your rear wheels should touch the curb.
Use your parking brake and leave the vehicle in "park."
Your front wheels should be parallel to the road, if there is no curb.
Question 830
You see pedestrians near the road. You should:
Sound your horn and maintain your speed.
Speed up to clear the area quickly.
Slow down and pass with caution.
Question 831
You must stop at the intersection ahead. Just before the intersection, you have to cross railroad tracks. You should stop before crossing the railroad tracks when:
There isn't room on the other side for you to completely cross the tracks.
The crossing is located in a city or town with frequent train traffic.
You are transporting two or more children in a passenger vehicle.
Question 832
If you parallel park facing downward on a hill:
Turn your wheels sharply toward the side of the road.
Turn your wheels away from the side of the road.
Keep your wheels straight.
Question 833
If you want to enter the freeway but you don't see a gap in traffic, you should:
Maintain your speed and force the other drivers to create a gap.
Slow down on the ramp to wait for a gap.
Stop at the end of the ramp to wait for a gap.
Question 834